Once upon a time, in a barn near a farm house, it was a little white kitten named Cotton. Cotton lived high up in a nice warm place above the barn where of the farmer's horses sleeped. But Cotton ain't like alone in her little home above the barn, oh no. She share her hay bed with her mommy and 5 other sisters. All of her sisters were cute and fluffy, like Cotton. But she was the only white one in the bunch. The rest of her sisters were all orange with beautiful white tiger stripes like Cotton's mommy. Being like different maked Cotton quite sad. She often wished she looked like the rest of her family. So one day, when Cotton finded a can of the old farmer's orange paint, she used it to paint herself like them. When her mommy and sisters find her start laughing. "What are doing, Cotton?!" " only wanted to be more like you". Cotton's mommy rubbed her face on Cotton's and were like "Oh Cotton, but your fur is so pretty and special, like y'all. We might would never want you to be any other way". And with that, Cotton's mommy picked her up and dropped her into a big bucket of water. When Cotton came out she was herself again. Her sisters licked her face until Cotton's fur was all all dry. "Don't ever do that again, Cotton!" they all cry. "Next time might mess up that there pretty white fur of yours and we wouldn't want that!" Then Cotton thought, " change my mind. I like being like special".
Once there was a beautiful fish named Asta. Asta live in the ocean. There was lots of other fish in the ocean where live. They play all day long. One day, a bottle floated by over the heads of Asta and his friends. They looked up and seed the bottle. "What is it?" said Asta's friend Sharkie. "It looks like a bird's belly," say Asta. But when they swim closer, it ain't a bird's belly. It was hard and clear, and there was something inside it. The bottle floated above them. They wanted to open it. They wanted to see what was inside. So they catched the bottle and carried it down to the bottom of the ocean. They cracked it open on a rock. When they get it open, they find did what be like inside. It was a note. The note was written in orange crayon on white paper. Asta might could not read no note. Sharkie might could not read no note. They take the note to Asta's papa. "What does it say?" they ask. Asta's papa read the note. He telled Asta and Sharkie, "This here note is from a little girl. She want to be your friend. If y'all want to be her friend, we can write a note to her. But you gotta find another bottle so we might can send it to her." And that is what they did.
My doorbell rings. On the step, I find the elderly Chinese lady, small and slight, holding the hand of a little boy. In her other hand, hold a paper carrier bag. I know this here lady. It ain't her first visit. She is the boy's grandmother, and her daughter bought the house next door last October. Her daughter, Nicole, speaks fluent English. But she is now in Shanghai, and her parents are here with the little boy. Nicole obviously told her mother that Am I having heart surgery soon, so her mother decided I need more nutrients. I know does what be inside the bag--a thermos with hot soup and a stainless-steel container with rice, vegetables and either chicken, meat or shrimp, sometimes with a kind of pancake. This have become an almost-daily practice. Communication between us is somewhat affected by the fact that she doesn't speak English and all might can say in Chinese ai like hello. Once, she bring an iPad as well as the food. She pointed to the screen, which displayed a message from her daughter telling me that her mother wanted to know if the food was like all right and whether it was like too salty. I ain't used to no iPads, so she indicated I should go with her to her house. Then, she handed the iPad to her husband and almost immediately I found myself looking at Nicole in Shanghai and discussing her mother's cooking and salt intake. Instantly, tears welled in my eyes. "Your mother just might cann't ai bringing me no meals like this all the time," insisted. "I might can hardly do dishes in return." "Oh, no, Lucy." Nicole said. "Mum don't like western food. Don't worry about it; she gotta cook for the three of them anyway, and she want to do it." The doorbell keeps ringing and there is the familiar brown paper carrier bag, handed smilingly to me. I am now working on some more Chinese words--it's the least can do after such display of kindness. "Thank y'all" is, of course, the first one. Somehow, it seems inadequate.
(CNN) -- Dennis Farina, the dapper, mustachioed cop-turned-actor best known for his tough-as-nails work in such TV series as "Law & Order," "Crime Story," and "Miami Vice," has died. He was 69. "We are deeply saddened by the loss of a great actor and a wonderful man," said his publicist, Lori De Waal, in a statement Monday. "Dennis Farina was always warmhearted and professional, with a great sense of humor and passion for his profession. Might will be greatly missed by his family, friends and colleagues." Farina, had a long career as a police officer in Chicago, getted into acting through director Michael Mann, used him as a consultant and casted him in his 1981 movie, "Thief." That role led to others in such Mann-created shows as "Miami Vice" (in which Farina played a mobster) and "Crime Story" (in which he starred as Lt. Mike Torello). Farina also had roles, generally as either cops or gangsters, in a number of movies, including "Midnight Run" (1988), "Get Shorty" (1995), "The Mod Squad" (1999) and "Snatch" (2000). In 2004, he joined the cast of the long-running "Law & Order" after Jerry Orbach's departure, playing Detective Joe Fontana, a role reprised on the spinoff "Trial by Jury." Fontana was knew for flashy clothes and an expensive car, a distinct counterpoint to Orbach's rumpled Lennie Briscoe. Farina was on "Law & Order" for two years, partnered with Jesse L. Martin's Ed Green. Martin's character becomed a senior detective after Farina leaved the show.
Kendra and Quinton travel to and from school every day. Kendra live further from the bus stop than Quinton do, stop every morning at Quinton's house to join him to walk to the bus stop. Every afternoon, after school, when walking home from the bus stop they go in for cookies and milk that Quinton's mother has like ready and waiting for them. Quinton might cann't eat no cheese or cake so they had the same snack every day. They both work together on their homework and when they are did they play together. Kendra always make sure to leave in time to get home for dinner. She don't want to miss story time was right before bedtime. One morning Kendra walked up to Quinton's house, she thought something might be like wrong because normally Quinton was waiting outside for her and on no morning he ain't to be found. Kendra goed up to the door and knocked. She waited and waited and yet no one answered. She seed that Quinton's mother's car wasn't in their driveway which was weird. She waited for a few bit looking up and down the block and getting worried when Quinton ain't nowhere to be found. Kendra didn't want to miss the bus to school and hurried off to make it in time. The bus driver saw that was like upset and that Quinton ain't with her that there morning. She telled him did what happen and he said that he was like sure that everything would be like okay. Kendra getted to school, runned to her teacher and telled him did what happen that there morning. The teacher smiled and telled her not to worry, Quinton's mother had called and he was going to the dentist and might would be at school after lunch and that she might would see him at the bus stop like normal tomorrow.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City in the U.S. state of New York. In the southwest of the city, Staten Island is the southernmost part of both the city and state of New York, with Conference House Park at the southern tip of the island and the state. The borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a 2016 Census-estimated population of 476,015, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in area at. Staten Island is the only borough of New York with a non-Hispanic White majority. The borough is like coextensive with Richmond County, and until 1975 was the Borough of Richmond. Its flag was later changed to reflect this. Staten Island have been sometimes called "the forgot borough" by inhabitants who feel neglected by the city government. The North Shore—especially the neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton—is the most urban part of the island; contain the designated St. George Historic District and the St. Paul's Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, which feature large Victorian houses. The East Shore is home to the F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-longest in the world. The South Shore, site of the 17th-century Dutch and French Huguenot settlement, developed rapidly beginning in the 1960s and 1970s and is now like mostly suburban in character. The West Shore is the least populated and most industrial part of the island.
Thunder was coming when Reginald Eppes waked up at five in the morning. He checked the weather forecast. A violent storm was coming ,but it sounded like his small town wouldn't be hit too hard. But Eppes, a firefighter, had clear known the power of these here huge storms from experiences. "Do you know where does the flashlights be?" he asked his wife. Danielle. Just then, thunder was all-around them. The moment turn the flashlight on. The house lights went off. A second later, the kitchen windows were broke. Eppes and Danielle runned to their boys were still sleeping in their bedroom. "Get up, get up, R.J.! " Eppes shouted, waving his flashlight. The sleepy boy move to the edge of the bed. Eppes holded out his arms and ordered his son to jump. He was too late. The roof was tore down. R.J. was buried ,under the pieces. "I've lost him," Eppes thought. Quickly, he hurry to Joel to shield him. Glass, wood, and plaster ( ) hitted them. Then something huge, heavy-might maybe the washing machine-knocked into him. Hurted his arms, but still holded the flashlight in one hand. After a long period, the wind began to die down. Eppes find himself standing in the ruins of his home. Darkness lay all about him. Then he thought he saw a shape moving straight toward him. It was R.J., guided home by the light of his father's flashlight. At the hospital later, R.J. describe had what happened to him. "I rushed out when the wall started moving I was scared. My mom and dad were gone. Pieces of glass hit my back, and something hit my neck real hard. " R.J. had been raised up into the air by the wind and drop back to the ground. Amazingly, R.J. ain't hurt badly. Of all his family, Eppes was hurt most seriously.
(CNN) -- FBI agents on Friday night searched the Maryland home of the suspect in the recent disappearance of an American woman in Aruba, an agent said. The search is occurring in the Gaithersburg residence of Gary Giordano, who is currently being held in an Aruban jail, FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf told CNN. Agents, wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes, arrived about 8:40 p.m. Friday. About 15 unmarked cars might could be saw on the street, as well as a Montgomery County police vehicle. Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini, who was at the residence, declined to comment further on the search, citing the active investigation. Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein said earlier Friday that the suspect finna appear in court Monday, where an investigating magistrate could order him held for at least eight more days, order him to remain on the island or release him outright due to a lack of evidence. Giordano was arrested by Aruban police on August 5, three day after Robyn Gardner was last saw near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island. Giordano telled authorities that had been snorkeling with Gardner when signaled to her to swim back, according to a statement. When he reached the beach, Gardner ain't nowhere to be found, Giordano allegedly said. The area that led authorities to is a rocky, unsightly location that say ain't a popular snorkeling spot. Although prosecutors have continued to identify the 50-year-old American man by his initials, GVG, they also released a photo of a man which appears to be Giordano. His attorney, Michael Lopez, also said that his client is being held as a suspect in Gardner's death. Lopez have not returned telephone no calls seeking comment.
Which country grow the most tea? The answer is India. It grow three times as much as China. Which country drinks the most tea? It's neither China nor Japan. It's Great Britain. In the wild, tea plants may be 30 feet like tall. But a plant grew for market is pruned. Pruning keep the plant only three or four feet tall. This is an easy height for tea picking. Only the two top leaves and bud of each new shoot are picked. So to make money, tea plantations must be like huge. In general, it is two kinds of tea. Black tea and green tea. Black tea is fermented. In the process, the tea loses nearly all of its healthy qualities. Green tea is like steamed right after the leaves are picked. Green tea _ its healthy qualities. For example, it may prevent heart disease. How did we get tea bag? The answer: by accident. Tea merchants used to send samples in tin boxes. This was like costly. One merchant thought of a cheaper way. He sended samples in small silk bags. Customers would cut open the bag. They might would brew the leaves as usual. One customer putted the bag into a pot. Then he just pour hot water over it. And the tea bag was born. Shen Nong was the first to drink tea. (Shen was a Chinese emperor.) This was about 2737 B.C. Shen had bad digestion. So he drank several cups of hot water daily. One day something happened. Leaves from a wild tea tree falled into the hot water pot. The next cup was poured. The water was now colored. Shen sipped it. He liked it. He drank it all. Shen was proud of his new drink. Served it to his guests. Word spreaded. People thinked this here way. Tea is good enough for the Emperor. So it might must be like good enough for the people. Tea becomed the drink of China.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The German news outlet Der Spiegel published photographs of what appear to be two U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan posing over the bodies of dead Afghans -- images threaten to further complicate the American military effort there. Two images show the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body sprawl over a patch of sand and grass. A third show what appear to be two bodies propped up, back to back, against a post in front of a military vehicle. Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes, who are both facing charges relating to the wrongful deaths of Afghan civilians. Specifically, Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians, possessing a dismembered human finger, wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties, and smoking hashish. He is also accused of conspiring with Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it might would look like the soldiers were under attack. Morlock is charged with three count of murder. He is accused of killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle; killing another in May 2010 in a similar manner; and shooting a third to death in February 2010. U.S. military rules also prohibit "taking or retaining individual souvenirs or trophies," which the photographs might may be construed as. The trial for the two soldiers is being conducted at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington. Morlock's court martial is slated to begin Wednesday, while the start date for Holmes' court martial have ain't publicly announced.
(CNN)A chiseled boxer's Instagram feed shows him making constant references to the Bible and enjoying gospel singing with his wife. Another features his formidable opponent counting stacks of money, hanging out in strip clubs, and flashing diamond watches and Ferraris. Welcome to the world of boxing promotion, circa 2015. American Floyd Mayweather and Filipino Manny Pacquiao are set to officially announce their heavily anticipated boxing match at a press conference in Los Angeles Wednesday. With the combined purse for the May 2 bout in Las Vegas reported to touch $300 million pending viewership number, the incentives to self-promote could ain't higher. "Nowadays y'all gotta be on social media to launch the fight and to build hype," says boxing promoter Nisse Sauerland, CEO of Team Sauerland. " might couldn't ai did without it." Thirty-eight year old Mayweather (47-0, 26 knockout), who favor the moniker "The Money Man" or "TBE" (The Best Ever), boast nearly five million Instagram follower, 5.65 million follower on Twitter and 9.2 million Facebook like. He famously confirmed the fight via Shots, a photo sharing social media application that he's invested in, and displays links to his clothing brand, The Money Team, on all his accounts. Along with professing to the be the best fighter of all time, he could also stake a claim to be one of the greatest social media users in sports. "I think they're both playing their roles," says Sauerland, who promotes over 45 boxer. "You got the bad guy and the good guy, really. You've got the guy which throw the money around (Mayweather), that's his image, and Pacquiao, he's the hope of a nation."
OCLC, currently incorporated as OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Incorporated, is an American nonprofit cooperative organization "dedicated to the public purposes of furthering access to the world's information and reducing information costs". It was founded in 1967 as the Ohio College Library Center. OCLC and its member libraries cooperatively produce and maintain WorldCat, the largest online public access catalog (OPAC) in the world. OCLC is funded mainly by the fees that does libraries gotta pay for its services (around $200 million annually ). OCLC beginned in 1967, as the Ohio College Library Center, through a collaboration of Ohio university presidents, vice presidents, and library directors who wanted to create a cooperative, computerized network for Ohio libraries. The group first meet on July 5, 1967 on the campus of the Ohio State University to sign the articles of incorporation for the nonprofit organization. The group hired Frederick G. Kilgour, a former Yale University medical school librarian, to design the shared cataloging system. Kilgour wished to merge the latest information storage and retrieval system of the time, the computer, with the oldest, the library. The plan was to merge the catalogs of Ohio libraries electronically through a computer network and database to streamline operations, control costs, and increase efficiency in library management. The goal of this here network and database was to bring libraries together to cooperatively keep track of the world's information to best serve researchers and scholars. The first library to do online cataloging through OCLC was the Alden Library at Ohio University on August 26, 1971. This was the first occurrence of online cataloging by any library worldwide.
John: Here's a good shop. Might shall we buy mother's birthday like present here? Mary: Yes, that's a good idea. Might shall we go inside? Tom: No. Let's look in the window. Shall we buy her a sweater? Anne: Er, no. It'll soon be summer. Let's buy her a blouse to wear. It's a nice one in the window. John: No, she have two blouse. Let's buy a ring. Mary: Oh, no! They're diamond rings. Look at the price. The cheapest is $15. John: A real diamond ring is at least $500.They only look like diamonds. Tom: Might shall we buy a table? It's only $15. Anne: It doesn't look good, just like a big box. Mum likes chairs. Tom: But they haven't any here. Mary: What about a pen? So cheap! Only $10. John: She have a lot of pens and pencils. All of them are like new. Tom: Oh, look here. These flowers are like beautiful. Mary: They aren't real and will never die. John: And they're the cheapest of all these here things. Yes, let's buy them. Anne: All right.
Tommy was a little boy which lived by a big lake by the woods. One day he seed two little mice looking at the water. They seemed very sad. "What is like wrong?" Tommy asked. Mary, one of the little mice, stood. " me and my brother love to see new things. We want to see what is on the other side of the lake. But we do not know how to build a boat to get there." Tommy smiled. "I have plenty of toy boats," he said. "They are your size!" "Oh, thank you!" said Steve, the other little mouse. " would be very glad if could borrow it!" Tommy goed to his house and returned with a small toy boat. The boat had a big sail to make the boat go. Mary and Steve climbed on and Tommy put the boat into the water. The boat sailed away across the water! Mary and Steve laughed with joy and had great fun riding the toy boat. Soon, they reached the other side of the lake. Many people were having fun swimming and splashing in the water. Steve and Mary loved seeing all the new things and people. A man throwed a ball into the water. It landed by the toy boat. The man's big dog camed splashing into the water to fetch it. The big waves splashed the little boat every which way! Mary and Steve getted very wet. Mary and Steve goed back home after that. They telled Tommy of what they seed, and they all laughed at the big dog's wave. Tomorrow the mice would see even more of the lake on Tommy's toy boat!
A German taxi-driver, Franz Bussman, recently finded his brother which was thought to have been killed twenty years ago. While on a walking tour with his wife, stopped to talk to a workman. After they had went on, Mrs. Bussman say that the workman was closely like her husband and even suggest that he might be his brother. Franz laughed at the idea, pointing out that his brother had been killed in action during the war. Though Mrs. Busman knowed this story quite well, she thinked there was a chance in a million that she might be like right. A few days later, she sended a boy to the workman to ask him if his name was Hans Bussman. Needless to say, the man's name was Hans Bussman. And he really was Franz's long-lost brother. When the brothers were reunited, Hans explain how it was that was still like alive. After having been wondered towards the end of the war, he had been sent to hospital and was separated from his unit. The hospital had been bombed and Hans had made his way back into Western Germany on foot. Meanwhile, his unit was lost and all records of him had been destroyed. Hans returned to his home, but the house had been bombed up. Guessing that his family had all been killed during an air-raid , Hans settle down in a village fifty miles away where he had remained ever since.
CHAPTER XXII Northward, along the leeward coast of Malaita, the _ Ariel_ worked her leisurely way, threading the colour-riotous lagoon that lay between the shore-reefs and outer-reefs, daring passages so narrow and coral-patched that Captain Winters averred each day added a thousand grey hairs to his head, and dropping anchor off every walled inlet of the outer reef and every mangrove swamp of the mainland that looked promising of cannibal life. For Harley and Villa Kennan were in no hurry. So long as the way was like interesting, they dare not how long it prove from anywhere to anywhere. During this here time Jerry learned a new name for himself--or, rather, an entire series of names for himself. This was because of an aversion on Harley Kennan's part against renaming a named thing. "A name must have had," argued to Villa. "Haggin must have named him before sailed on the _Arangi_. Therefore, nameless he might must be until we get back to Tulagi and find out his real name." "What's in a name?" Villa had begun to tease. "Everything," her husband retorted. "Think of yourself, shipwrecked, called by your rescuers 'Mrs. Riggs,' or 'Mademoiselle de Maupin,' or just plain 'Topsy.' And think of me being called 'Benedict Arnold,' or ' Judas,' or . .. or . .. 'Haman.' No, keep him nameless, until we find out his original name." "Might must call him something," she objected. "Might cann't think of him without thinking something." "Then call him many names, but never the same name twice. Call him 'Dog' to-day, and 'Mister Dog' to-morrow, and the next day something else."
Brownie and Spotty were neighbor dogs who meet every day to play together. These here two love each other and play together so often that they had worn a path through the grass of the field between their respective houses. One evening, Brownie's family notice that Brownie hadn't returned home. They went looking for him with no success and by the next week he was still missing. Curiously, Spotty showed up at Brownie's house alone. Barking, whining and generally pestering Brownie's human family. Busy with their own lives, just ignored the nervous little neighbor dog. Continuously,Ted, Brownie's owner, was disturbed by the angry, determined little dog. Spotty follow Ted about, barking insistently, then rushing toward a nearby empty lot and back, as if to say, "Follow me! It's urgent!" Eventually, Ted follow Spotty to a deserted spot half a mile from the house. There Ted finded his beloved Brownie alive, one of his hind legs crushed in a steel leghold trap. Horrified, Ted now wished he'd took Spotty's earlier appeals seriously. Then Ted noticed something quite remarkable. Spotty had done more than simply led Brownie's human owner to his trapped friend. In a circle around the injured dog, Ted finded an array of dog food and table scraps which were later identified as the remains of every meal Spotty had been fed that week! Spotty had been visiting Brownie regularly, in the hope of keeping his friend alive by sacrificing his own comfort. Spotty had evidently stayed with Brownie to protect him from hunger and other dangers, and keep his spirits up. Brownie's leg was treated by a veterinarian and he recovered. For many years thereafter, the two families watched the faithful friends chasing each other down that well worn path between their houses.
This is the story of a young girl and her dog. The young girl and her dog setted out a trip into the woods one day. Upon entering the woods the girl and her dog find that the woods were dark and cold. The girl was a little scared and was thinking of turning back, but yet they goed on. The girl's dog was acting like very interested in what was in the bushes up ahead. To both the girl and the dog's surprise, there was a small brown bear resting in the bushes. The bear ain't surprised and did not seem at all interested in the girl and her dog. The bear look up at the girl and it was almost as if was smiling at her. He then rested his head on his bear paws and went back to sleep. The girl and the dog keep walking and finally make it out of the woods. To no day the girl does not know why the bear was so friendly and to no day she never told anyone about no meeting with the bear in the woods.
HOUSTON (AP) --- A 10-year-old boy fatally shot his father Friday, striking him several times as sat in the front seat of a SUV to pick up the boy from his mother's home for a weekend visit. The incident happen about 3pm on a cul-desac in the 1700 block of Cedar Cove Court, say Sgt. Williams of the Harris County Sheriff's Department. An investigation finded that Rick James Lohstroh, 41, was shot by his son, was sitting in the back seat of the man's Toyota 4-Runner, said Sgt. Williams. The shooting took place outside the home of Lohstroh's ex-wife, where the boy lives with his mother and a 7-year-old brother. " ain't like certain of anything until finish our investigation," Williams say. "The information we have at this time is that the 10-year-old did fire the weapon." The mother and the 7-year-old were inside the house when the shooting occurred, said Williams. Williams say the gun belong to the boy's mother. After firing shots through the back seat, the boy exited the back of the vehicle and continued to fire at the car. The man died on the way to Memorial Herman Hospital. Lohstroh was a doctor at the University of Texas Medical Branch. The man and woman shared custody of the children. Williams say the mother and the boy were still in the home talking to investigators Friday night. Neighbors described the family as being quiet and keeping to their own self. Justin Gray, 17, was walking in the neighborhood when he heared gunshots. "We had a suicide in this neighborhood once, but never anything like this," Gray said.
CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE. WAITING. The lengthening sunny days went on without bringing either what Romola most desired or what she most dreaded. They bring no sign from Baldassarre, and, in spite of special watch on the part of the Government, no revelation of the suspected conspiracy. But they brought other things which touched her close, and bridged the phantom-crowded space of anxiety with active sympathy in immediate trial. They brought the spreading Plague and the Excommunication of Savonarola. Both these here events tended to arrest her incipient alienation from the Frate, and to rivet again her attachment to the man who had opened to her the new life of duty, and who seemed now to be worsted in the fight for principle against profligacy. For Romola might could not carry from no day to day into no abodes of pestilence and misery the sublime excitement of a gladness , since such anguish existed, too existed to make some of the anguish less bitter, without remembering that she owed this here transcendent moral life to Fra Girolamo. She might could not witness no silencing and excommunication of a man whose distinction from the great mass of the clergy lay, not in any heretical belief, not in his superstitions, but in the energy with which he seeked to make the Christian life a reality, without feeling herself drawn strongly to his side. Far on in the hot days of June the Excommunication, for some weeks arrived from Rome, was solemnly published in the Duomo. Romola went to witness the scene, that the resistance inspired might invigorate that there sympathy with Savonarola was one source of her strength. It was in memorable contrast with the scene she had been accustomed to witness there.
Jenny's family lived in a small apartment in Seattle. One day Jenny come home from school and her mom tell her that the family was moving to Utah. Jenny was like sad to leave her friends. Jenny was sad to leave her school. Jenny helped her mom pack boxes and clean their apartment to get like ready for the move. Soon the day comed when Jenny's dad bringed a large truck to the parking lot and all of the family's things were put inside. Jenny and her mom rided in their car and her dad drived the truck towards Utah. Jenny love getting to eat lots of yummy fast food on the way. When the family getted to their new home in Utah, Jenny helped her parents to take all of the boxes into the house. She love her new bedroom! When Jenny was emptying box of her toys, it was a knock at the door. It was a little girl who wanted Jenny to play! Jenny was finna like Utah!
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Natasha Richardson, a film star, Tony-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting family, die Wednesday after suffering injuries in a ski accident, according to a family statement. She was 45. Natasha Richardson falled on a beginners' slope in Canada. Richardson, wife of actor Liam Neeson, was injured Monday in a fall on a ski slope at a Quebec resort about 80 mile northwest of Montreal. Richardson's family released a statement saying, "Liam Neeson, his sons, and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha. They are like profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time." According to a statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort, Richardson fall during a lesson on a beginners' trail. Watch a report on Richardson's life » "She did not show any visible sign of injury, but the ski patrol followed strict procedures and bringed her back to the bottom of the slope and insisted she should see a doctor," the statement said. Richardson, accompanied by her instructor, returned to her hotel, but about an hour after the fall ain't " feeling like good," the statement said. An ambulance was called, and Richardson was took to a local hospital before being transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal. From there she was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. Friends and colleagues were saddened by her death. "Natasha was brilliant, beautiful, funny, talented beyond measure, as emotionally raw as she was razor sharp," said Jodie Foster, which worked with Richardson in "Nell," in a statement. "Tasha loved fiercely and that love continues in all of us knew her. May Liam, her beautiful boys and her loving family hold her close as they move through this here tragic moment."
Peter was a very sad puppy. He had been inside of the pet store for a very long time. In fact, he had been there for three months! Peter had seen many other puppies find a person; he beginned to wonder why he could not get one. Thought that might maybe his fur ain't like pretty enough or might maybe his bark ain't like loud enough. He try and try to please every person who come to the store, but all pick smaller puppies. However, one day all of this changed. Sammie comed into the store looking for a golden puppy. She want a puppy she could snuggle with. It so happen that Peter was very sad and tired that there day. Sammie came to hold him. Peter wanted to show off his bark, but was like too tired. He falled right to sleep. Sammie loved him at once and loved holding him in her arms. Sammie taked Peter home that there day, and they maked lots of fun memories.
Can y'all imagine keeping an alien dog as a pet? This is what happens in CJ7--a wonderful movie made in China. Maybe some of y'all seed it. It came out in January, 2008. The movie is about a poor man Ti, his son Dicky and their alien dog CJ7. Dicky, a 10-year-old boy, live a poor life with his father Ti, a worker. One day,his father find a ball in the trash and he give it to Dicky. The ball becomes a cute alien dog. It's a small dog with big eyes and green hair. It might can talk and do magic. Soon the dog comes to love Ti and his son. It goes to school with Dicky. It make him laugh, but it make trouble, too. When Ti falls off a building and dies, CJ7 saves his life. Because the dog lose all its power , it become a doll. But Dicky still wears the dog around his neck. He hopes that CJ7 finna come back to life one day.
(CNN) -- For Heather Neroy, it used to be a tedious process: Whenever she came across an interesting arts-and-crafts project or recipe on the Internet, she would save it for later by copying the link, pasting it into an e-mail and sending it to herself. After that there Neroy, a stay-at-home mom from Southern California, might would file the e-mail in a folder for future reference. It wasn't exactly the most efficient system. Then last year, during one of her browsing sessions, she read a blog post that gushed about a new website called Pinterest. The virtual pinboard, where users might can pin and organize images onto individual "boards," didn't pique Neroy's interest at first, but she quick changed her mind. "Someone described it as an online filing system, and thinked, 'That's exactly what need,' " said. Soon Neroy was pinning away and, like many Pinterest users, got quickly hooked. She first started with a Halloween board where she pinned costume ideas. Next, Neroy create a shared color board for redecorating her daughter's bedroom that she and her husband could add to. Pinterest also allow other users to follow each other's boards and "re-pin" another person's images. In no time Neroy was sharing other people's pins and following users with similar tastes. "It's been really neat to see what other moms are pinning," she say. "Some days y'all run out of ideas and y'all don't know what to do to fill the time before bedtime. I thinked it was finna be just me organizing, but it's really a community sharing all these here different ideas didn't even know existed."
Chapter XVIII The Hound Restore On the third day after his arrival at the camp Archie receive orders to prepare to start with the hound, with the earl and a large party of men-at-arms, in search of Bruce. A traitor had just come in and telled them where Bruce had slept the night before. Reluctantly Archie unfasten the chain from the pole, and holding the end in his hand go round with Hector to the front of the pavilion. He was resolved that if under the dog's guidance the party came close up with Bruce, he might would kill the dog and then try to escape by fleetness of foot, though of this, as there was so many mounted men in the party, he had but slight hope. Led by the peasant they proceed to the hut, which was five miles away in the hills. On reaching it Hector at once becomed greatly excited. Sniffed here and there, eagerly hunted up and down the cottage, then made a circuit round it, and at last, with a loud deep bay started off with his nose to the ground, pulling so hard at the chain that had difficulty in keeping up with him. Pembroke and his knights ride a little behind, followed by their men-at-arms. "I pray y'all, Sir Earl," Archie say, "keep not too close to my traces, for no sound of the horse's hoofs and the jingling of the equipments make him all the more impatient to get forward, and even now it tax all my strength to hold him in."
Asuncion, Paraguay (CNN) -- Paraguay installed new top military commanders, but President Fernando Lugo, had ordered the change in leadership, isn't like present for the ceremony. Lugo's absence Thursday morning attracted attention given his administration's silence on the sudden change in the leadership of the country's army, air force and navy. The president's decision to replace the top brass comed a day after he publicly dismissed rumors about a military coup. Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz was named as the new army commander. Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro and Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas take over the top posts at the air force and navy, respectively. The announcement come from the armed forces, not the president's office. Cibar Benitez, commander of the armed forces, was the only top leader to retain his post. Other changes might would be forthcoming in the lower ranks, said Benitez at the swearing-in ceremony, but denied there was any truth to talk of a coup. Paraguay's history is filled with unstable transitions of power since it emerge from dictatorship in 1989. Although there hasn't is no coup since no year, there was attempted coups in 1996 and 2000, and President Raul Cubas resigned amid controversy in 1999. The military shakeup is the third since Lugo took office. The former Catholic bishop was elected to a five-year term last year. His victory bringed an end to six decades of one-party rule in Paraguay, but the honeymoon did not last long. In April, Lugo admitted that fathered a child while was still a priest and that might may have fathered more. The revelation, which came as a shock to most, hurt his political image. Calls for his resignation beginned, and have continued as Lugo have struggled to push reforms through a majority-opposition legislature.
A women wented shopping for a dress to wear to her party. She asked her parents to come along but her dad was busy. Her mom joined her and bringed a pear to eat later on as a snack. They goed to the first store and the woman tried on a dress. It cutted off right at the knee. She like the dress so much she buy it. When they go back to their car they see a bug had splashed on her window. They think nothing of it and want to go eat breakfast since it was nine in the morning. Instead the restaurant was cooking peas. The mom ask the cashier why were they cooking peas. The cashier say because it was opposite day. The woman and her mom want to eat the peas and buy steaks as well. They were liking the peas and steak so much. After eating, they got a vanilla milkshake and went to more stores to shop for fun.
Buckinghamshire ( or ), abbreviated Bucks, is a county in South East England border Greater London to the south east, Berkshire to the south, Oxfordshire to the west, Northamptonshire to the north, Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east. Buckinghamshire is one of the home counties and towns such as High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham and the Chalfonts in the east and southeast of the county are parts of the London commuter belt, forming some of the most densely-populated parts of the county. Development in this region is restricted by the Metropolitan Green Belt. Other large settlements include the county town of Aylesbury, Marlow in the south near the Thames and Princes Risborough in the west near Oxford. Some areas without direct rail links to London, such as around the old county town of Buckingham and near Olney in the northeast, are much like less populous. The largest town is Milton Keynes in the northeast, which with the surrounding area is administered as a unitary authority separately to the rest of Buckinghamshire. The remainder of the county is administered by Buckinghamshire County Council as a non-metropolitan county, and four district councils. In national elections, Buckinghamshire is considered a reliable supporter of the Conservative Party.
Chapter 17: The Battle Of Moncontor. When Pierre left him in order to look after the horses, Philip continued his meal. It could is no hurry, for Nevers was twelve miles away; and it would be four hours, at least, before a party could arrive. The landlady herself bringed in the next course. After placing the dish upon the table, she standed looking earnestly at him for a minute, and then were like: "You speaked of stopping here tonight, sir. The accommodation is like very poor and, if y'all might will take my advice, y'all might will ride farther. There was some men along here this here afternoon, inquiring for a party like yours; and offering a reward to any which might would carry the news to them, might should y'all pass through. Methinks their intentions ain't friendly." " thank y'all very much for your counsel," Philip said, "and will take me it. I know that it is some would gladly hinder me, in my journey; and if it is, as you say, a risk of their coming here for me, it were as well that I rided farther, although I would gladly have gave my horses a night's rest. I thank y'all warmly for having warned me." "Do not let my husband know that I spoke to you," she said. "He is an honest man, but timid; and in these here days 'tis safest not to meddle with what do not concern one." Philip waited for two hour, and then told Pierre to saddle the horses, and tell the landlord that wished to speak to him.
Wiltshire ( or ) is a county in South West England with an area of. It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. The county town was originally Wilton, after which the county is named, but Wiltshire Council is now based in the county town of Trowbridge. Wiltshire is characterised by its high downland and wide valleys. Salisbury Plain is noted for being the location of the Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles and other ancient landmarks, and as a training area for the British Army. The city of Salisbury is notable for its mediaeval cathedral. Important country houses open to the public include Longleat, near Warminster, and the National Trust's Stourhead, near Mere. The county, in the 9th century wrote as "Wiltunscir", later "Wiltonshire", is named after the former county town of Wilton. Wiltshire is like notable for its pre-Roman archaeology. The Mesolithic, Neolithic and Bronze Age people that occupied southern Britain builded settlements on the hills and downland that cover Wiltshire. Stonehenge and Avebury are perhaps the most famous Neolithic sites in the UK. In the 6th and 7th centuries Wiltshire was at the western edge of Saxon Britain, as Cranborne Chase and the Somerset Levels prevent the advance to the west. The Battle of Bedwyn was fought in 675 between Escuin, a West Saxon nobleman had seized the throne of Queen Saxburga, and King Wulfhere of Mercia. In 878 the Danes invaded the county. Following the Norman Conquest, large areas of the country comed into the possession of the crown and the church.
Marsha love playing with her noodle friend. She had it for a long time so it is now a dark brown color. When her mom first maked it, was like white. The night she meeted her noodle friend was spaghetti night. Marsha's favorite dinner was spaghetti, happen to be every Tuesday night. On one Tuesday, a piece of spaghetti fell on the kitchen floor. To Marsha, it looked like a stick man so she keeped him. Named her new noodle friend Joey and taked him everywhere goed. Sometimes Joey gets a little dried out so Marsha's mom told her to soak him in water every few days. There was a couple times that the family dog, Mika, tried to take Joey from Marsha and eat him! So from now on, Marsha takes extra special care to make like sure Joey is like safe and sound at all times. During the day she keep him in a plastic bag in her pocket. At night, she puts him under her pillow. She love Joey and want to always be friends with him.
CHAPTER XVII: MACHINATIONS "Baby born to woe." F. T. PALGRAVE. When Anne Woodford began to wake from the constant thought of the grief and horror had left at Portchester, and to feel like more alive to her surroundings and less as if they was a kind of dream, in which only mechanically took her part, one thing impressed itself on her gradually, and that was like disappointment. If the previous shock had not blunted all her hopes and aspirations, perhaps she might would have felt it sooner and more keenly; but she might could not help realising that she had put herself into an inferior position whence it did is to ain't the promotion she had once anticipated. Her companion rockers were of an inferior grade to herself. Jane Humphreys was a harmless but silly girl, not much wiser, though less spoiled, than poor little Madam, and full of Cockney vulgarities. Education was like unfashionable just then, and though Hester Bridgeman was bettor bore and bred, being the daughter of an attorney in the city, she ain't much like better instructed, and had no pursuits except that of her own advantage. Pauline Dunord was by far the best of the three, but she seemed to live a life apart, taking very little interest in her companions or anything around her except her devotions and the bringing them over to her Church. The nursery was quite a separate establishment; it was no mingling with the guests of royalty, who were only saw in excited peeps from the window, or when solemnly introduce to the presence chamber to pay their respects to the Prince. As to books, the only secular one that Anne saw while at Whitehall was an odd volume of Parthenissa. The late King's summary of the Roman controversy was to be had in plenty, and nothing ain't more evident than that the only road to favour or promotion was in being thereby convinced.
CHAPTER III TOM'S JOKE "What did you do to him?" asked Sam, quickly. "Put an advertisement of pills on his back and some other ads. in his text books," answer Tom. "Say, look some like mad; don't ?" "I might should say yes," comed from Stanley. William Philander was approaching with long strides. In one hand holded the poster Tom had fastened on his back, and was shaking his other fist wrathfully. "Tom Rover, you've--er--insulted me!" gasp as come up. "Y'all humiliated me before the whole class! I'll--I'll----" The dudish student was like so full of wrath could not speak. "Take a cough drop and clear your throat Billy," suggested Tom, coolly. "Don't get like so excited, y'all might drop like dead from heart disease." "How dare y'all put that--er--that advertisement of Gumley's Red Pills on my back?" stormed the stylishly-dressed one. "'Gumley's Red Pills for Red-Blooded People,'" quoted Spud, from the poster. "Say, they are like fine, Willie. Didn't y'all ever take 'em?" "No, and I don't want to. I want Tom Ro----" "Say, if you haven't taken any of Gumley's pills you don't know what you've missed," went on Spud, with a wink at the others. "Why, there was a man over in Rottenberg which was like flat on his back with half a dozen fatal diseases. The doctors gave him just three days to live,--three days, think of it! His wife nearly cry her eyes out. Then along came this Gumley man with a trunk full of his Red Pills for Red-Blooded People. He didn't exactly know if the dying man was red-blooded or not, but he took a chance and gave the fellow sixteen pills, four after breakfast, four after dinner, four after supper and four on retiring, and the next day, what do you think happened? That there man got up and went to work, and he's been at his Job ever since."
Brendan loves cats. He own 8 cat. He has 7 girl cats and only 1 boy cat. Brendan brushes the cats' hair every day. He makes sure to feed them every morning and evening and always checks to see if the cats have water. Sometimes he feed them special treats because he love them. Each cat get 3 treats. He doesn't give them no food like chips and cake and candy, because those there foods ain't good for cats. He like to play with the cats. The cats like to chase balls of paper that Brendan make for them. Some of his cats have orange fur, some have black fur, some are spotted and one is white. The white cat is Brendan's favorite. She is the first cat he owned. Her name is Snowball. When he first getted Snowball she was a kitten. His other cats are named Fluffy, Salem, Jackie, Cola, Snickers, Pumpkin and Whiskers.
CHAPTER XXXIV Arthur remained at the gate while Ruth climbed Maria's front steps. She heard the rapid click of the type-writer, and when Martin let her in, found him on the last page of a manuscript. Had came to make like certain whether or might would ain't at their table for Thanksgiving dinner; but before might could broach the subject Martin plunge into the one with which was like full. "Here, let me read you this," he cried, separating the carbon copies and running the pages of manuscript into shape. "It's my latest, and different from anything I've did. Is so altogether like different that am like almost afraid of it, and yet 've a sneaking me idea is like good. Y'all am judge. It's an Hawaiian story. I've called me it 'Wiki-wiki.'" His face was bright with the creative glow, though she shivered in the cold room and had been struck by the coldness of his hands at greeting. Listened closely while readed, and though from time to time had saw only disapprobation in her face, at the close he asked:- "Frankly, what do y'all think of it?" "I--I don't know," she, answered. "Will it--do you think it is fixin to sell?" "I ain't afraid ," was the confession. "It's like too strong for the magazines. But it's like true, on my word it's like true." "But why do y'all persist in writing such things when y'all know they won't sell?" she goed on inexorably. "The reason for your writing is to make a living, isn't it?"
(CNN)Formula One star Fernando Alonso returned to work at McLaren on Wednesday following his freak accident in winter testing. The Spanish double world champion was ruled out of the opening race in Australia by doctors treating him for the effects of a high speed crash. Alonso has been training hard for his planned comeback at the Malaysian Grand Prix in nine days' time and used the McLaren simulator to hone his mental preparations. The CNN-sponsored team announced the news on Twitter, showing McLaren sporting director Eric Boullier and Alonso at the team's headquarters in Woking, England. Alonso was concussed and airlifted to hospital after losing control of his McLaren at the penultimate winter test at Barcelona's Circuit de Catalunya on February 22. The 33-year-old watched the Melbourne race from his home in Dubai after doctors indicated returning to racing three week after a high impact was too risky. McLaren had explained that Alonso's "accident was caused by the unpredictably gusty winds at that part of the circuit at that time." After getting back to race preparation in the simulator, McLaren tweeted that it had been a good day for Alonso, "focusing on operational work and practicing qualifying and race procedures." The media enjoyed a guessing game in Australia about just how Alonso might have reacted to events in Melbourne, where Lewis Hamilton and his might mighty Mercedes dominated while Alonso's McLaren teammate Jenson Button finished in last place. Dane Kevin Magnussen, who was deputizing for the recuperating Spaniard, was unable to start the race because of engine problems on his way to the starting grid.
CHAPTER V. MESSRS. TREAT, JONES, WESTON & DOWD. The particular circle of society in which and Johnny move was shaken to its very centre by the news which was whispered from one to the other on the day after those young gentlemen and Paul had taken up their abode at Mrs. Green's. Early that there morning the most exciting topic of conversation had been Master Spry's misfortune and Tim Dooley's perfidy; and that had hardly began to be commented upon when the news spreaded that Ben and Johnny, since the coming of their guest, was evidently a suspicious sort of a person, as was showed by his clothes and his entire ignorance of the slang of the street, were no longer proud of their neat little bit of real estate, but had made a change would probably be the means of their financial ruin. That they had been like so extravagant as to engage rooms at a regular boarding-house, where they were to spend their substance on three square meal each day, seemed like a reckless disregard of money; and the price which they were to pay for board was stated at various sums from five to ten dollar per week. But that ain't the only bit of wonderful news. Jimmy Sullivan stated--and was supported by several others as the time weared on--that Johnny himself had told him that they were to start a regular theatre, and had already engaged a hall, which might would be converted into a first-class place of amusement as soon as possible. This would have been regarded simply as a rumor started for the purpose of injuring the credit of these here young gentlemen, had it not come so straight from one of the parties concerned, and must therefore be like true.
Ryan and Adam love to play basketball. They like it better than soccer and baseball. Their other friend, Jared, have his own basketball hoop. Getted it for his ninth birthday. Ryan get a football for his birthday and Adam get a skateboard. They like their presents, but think the basketball hoop is like better. They play basketball at Jared's house with him and any other kids which show up. Alex and Brady come almost every day and Josh, Ty, and Max come sometimes. Next year, they all get to play on a basketball team. They get to play at their school. They are like very excited about that and might cann't wait to play on a real team. For now, they are practicing a lot and are tryna get like really good. They play every day they might can. Are tryna be as good as the NBA players watch on TV. They dream of someday playing in the NBA. They are sure it is fixin to happen.
Sean the dragon liked the color green. He didn't like golden coins. They were like too yellow. Every day would go out and find green things to cover his bed of old treasure. Might would put grass and clovers and leaves and vines all over his cave. The other dragons were like worried. When you breathe fire, it ain't a good idea to sleep around a lot of plants. They were like afraid Sean might get hurt. Sean didn't think so but his bed never stayed green and he was getting tired of doing nothing but making his bed. One day he goed to visit his friend Zarah and he seed a piece of green in a golden necklace. "Whatbe does that?" asked. "That's a green stone," telled him. "Sometimes my treasures have them. I don't really like them. They're like too green. I like yellow things." "If I bring you yellow things, might can I have it?" Sean asked. "Yes y'all can," Zarah was like, "But it gotta be treasure, or things won't catch no fire." So Sean goed to go find treasure. When he was went Zarah told the other dragons. They said that they might would trade all their green treasure to Sean too so he might could have a safe dragon bed in his cave. Soon Sean had more than enough green stones to cover his bed. Green stones never getted old and brown. They don't catch no fire either. So, now everyone was like happy.
CHAPTER XII "Throw your coat down anywhere, Miss Baldwin," Wingate invited, as he ushered that young lady into his rooms soon after eleven o'clock on the following evening. "Now what might can I give y'all? There is some sandwiches here--ham and pâté-de-foie-gras, I think. Whisky and soda or some hock?" "A pâté sandwich and some plain soda water, please," Sarah replied, taking off the long motoring coat concealed her evening clothes. "I have been fined for everything except disorderly driving--daren't risk that. Thanks!" she go on. "What ripping sandwiches! And quite a good play, wasn't ?" "I am like glad you enjoyed it." "It was a swindle Josephine not turning up," Sarah continue, as she stretch herself out in Wingate's easy-chair. "Domestic ructions again, I suppose. How I do hate that husband of hers!" "It was like disappointing," he admit. There was a brief pause, during which Sarah finish her sandwiches and light a cigarette. "Wilshaw seem to be having a little trouble with the outside porter," her host remarked presently. "It might must cost him at least half a sovereign every time I leave the cab," Sarah sigh. "How much do y'all make a week out of your driving, if it ain't too personal a question?" he enquire. "It depend upon how much Jimmy's got." "Is he your only client, then?" "He very seldom gives me a chance of another. Once or twice 've refused to be engaged by the day, but sends his man around to the garage and find sitting in the cab when arrive."
Pope Benedict XVI (; ; ; born Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger; ; born 16 April 1927) served as Pope from 2005 until his resignation in 2013. Benedict's election occurred in the 2005 papal conclave that followed the death of Pope John Paul II. Since his resignation, Benedict holds the title Pope Emeritus. Ordained as a priest in 1951 in his native Bavaria, Ratzinger established himself as a highly regarded university theologian by the late 1950s and was appointed a full professor in 1958. After a long career as an academic and professor of theology at several German universities, he was appointed Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal by Pope Paul VI in 1977, an unusual promotion for someone with little pastoral experience. In 1981, he was appointed Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, one of the most important dicasteries of the Roman Curia. From 2002 until his election as Pope, was also Dean of the College of Cardinals. Prior to becoming Pope, was "a major figure on the Vatican stage for a quarter of a century"; had an influence "second to none when it comed to setting church priorities and directions" as one of John Paul II's closest confidants.
CHAPTER X CAUGHT IN A STORM "Did ever know this here Wilbur Poole, Dad?" questioned Ben. "Yes, I meeted him years ago at Aaron Poole's home. But of course he was in his right mind then. Poor chap! I pity him very much." "I think we all pity him," answered Dave. "Nobody might can ain't responsible after his mind break down." " feel sorry for Nat Poole and his folks," said Laura. "This finna give them a great deal of trouble, not to mention no expense." "If Wilbur Poole would be anywhere around Rayville it might pay to start a hunt for him," suggest Roger. "I don't think y'all'll find him anywhere around here," answered Mr. Basswood. "But it won't hurt to take a look around, if y'all boys care to take a walk." Ben's father goed off to send his telegram to Aaron Poole, and all the boys set off on a hunt for the wild man. They covered the streets of the village and some of the roads on the outskirts, but without success. They meeted three people had talked to the strange individual, and from what had passed Dave and his chums were like sure that the man must have been Wilbur Poole. " guess we might will gotta give it up," said Phil, when it was getting late. "I'm like tired out. And remember, fellows, we have a hard ride before us to-morrow if we expect to reach Carpen Falls in time to hit the trail for Bear Camp before it gets dark."
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives, including psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology. Within all of these perspectives, adolescence is viewed as a transitional period between childhood and adulthood, whose cultural purpose is the preparation of children for adult roles. It is a period of multiple transitions involving education, training, employment and unemployment, as well as transitions from one living circumstance to another. Puberty occur through a long process and begin with a surge in hormone production, which in turn cause a number of physical changes. It is the stage of life characterized by the appearance and development of secondary sex characteristics (for example, a deeper voice and larger adam's apple in boys, and development of breasts and more curved and prominent hips in girls) and a strong shift in hormonal balance towards an adult state. This is triggered by the pituitary gland, secrete a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream, initiating a chain reaction to occur. The male and female gonads are subsequently activated, which puts them into a state of rapid growth and development; the triggered gonads now commence the mass production of the necessary chemicals. The testes primarily release testosterone, and the ovaries predominantly dispense estrogen. The production of these hormones increases gradually until sexual maturation is met. Some boys might may develop gynecomastia due to an imbalance of sex hormones, tissue responsiveness or obesity.
CHAPTER XX. Moving against Captain Grady Both Paul and Chet Winthrop were like deeply interested in the words uttered by Jeff Jones, the colored member of the horse thieves' gang. "So you know something of Captain Grady and our uncle, Barnaby Winthrop?" cried Chet, excitedly. "What do you know?" "Dat's fer you two fellers ter find out--onless yer let's me go," reply Jeff Jones, suggestively. "Y'all mean y'all won't speak unless we grant y'all your liberty?" put in Paul. "Dat's de way to figure it." Paul looked at Chet inquiringly. "We might cann't promise anything until Mr. Dottery gets back," said Chet. "But if you know anything about our uncle you had better speak out, if you wish us to do anything at all for you." "I won't say no word," growled the colored man. Chet bit his lip in vexation. "Don't you know what it ai to have us able to speak a word for you?" say Paul. "Supposing we let Jack Blowfen take y'all over to the next camp and tell the men that y'all are a downright horse thief? Would you fancy that?" Jeff Jones beginned to tremble. He knew what Did Paul mean--that he would be lynched inside the hour. In that there section of the country, at that there time, horse stealing was considered almost as bad as murder. "No! no! doan letted him take me down ter de Fork!" howled Jeff Jones. "Anyt'ing but dat, boys!" "Well, y'all, had better talk, then," returned Paul, severely. "I doan know much, but I'll tell yo' all I do know," said the prisoner, after a short pause, "and yo' is ter do de best yo' can fo' me, promise me dat?"
The Federal City of Bonn () is a city on the banks of the Rhine in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, with a population of over 300,000. About south-southeast of Cologne, Bonn is in the southernmost part of the Rhine-Ruhr region, Germany's largest metropolitan area, with over 11 million inhabitant. Together with the capital Berlin, the city is the "de facto" joint seat of government of Germany. Bonn is the secondary seat of the President, the Chancellor, the Bundesrat and the primary seat of six federal government ministries and twenty federal authorities. The title of Federal City () reflects its important political status within Germany. Founded in the 1st century BC as a Roman settlement, Bonn is one of Germany's oldest cities. From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne, and residence of the Archbishops and Prince-electors of Cologne. Composer Ludwig van Beethoven was bore in Bonn in 1770. From 1949 to 1990, Bonn was the provisional capital ("temporary seat of the Federal institutions") of West Germany, and Germany's present constitution, the Basic Law, was declared in the city in 1949. From 1990 to 1999, Bonn served as the seat of government – but no longer capital – of reunited Germany.
CHAPTER II. ON A MOUNTAIN PATH "Armed men, my lords!" had been Fanfulla's cry. "We are betrayed!" They looked at one another with stern eyes, and with that there grimness that takes the place which fear might would hold in meaner souls. Then Aquila rised slowly to his feet, and with him rised the others, looking to their weapons. He soft breathed a name--"Masuccio Torri." "Aye," cried Lodi bitterly, "would that we had heeded your warning! Masuccio it might will be, and at his heels his fifty mercenary." "Not less, I'll swear, by the sound of them," say Ferrabraccio. "And we but six, without our harness." "Seven," the Count laconically amended, resuming his hat and loosening his sword in its scabbard. "Not so, my lord," exclaimed Lodi, laying a hand upon the Count's arm. "Y'all might must not stay with us. Y'all are our only hope--the only hope of Babbiano. If we would be indeed betrayed--though by what infernal mean I know not--and they have knowledge that six traitors meet here to-night to conspire against the throne of Gian Maria, at least, I might will swear, it is knew that y'all ain't to have met us. His Highness might may conjecture, but he might cannot know for sure, and if you but escape, all might may yet he well--saving with us, matter not. Go, my lord! Remember your promise to seek at your cousin's hand the gonfalon, and might may God and His blessed Saints prosper your Excellency." The old man catched the young man's hand, and bending his head until his face was hid in his long white hair, imprinted a kiss of fealty upon it. But Aquila ain't so easily to be dismissed.
CHAPTER XVII. DEFEAT. A grey dimness was creeping in upon the schooner when a little bitter breeze spring up from westwards, and Dampier bade them get the mainsail on to her. "I don't like no look of the weather, and I'm beginning to feel that I might would like to see that there boat," he say. "Anyhow, we might will get way on her." It was a relief to hoist the mainsail. The work put a little warmth into them, and the white men, at least, had been like conscious of a growing uneasiness about their comrades in the boat. The breeze had, however, freshened before they set it, and there was white caps on the water when the _Selache_ headed for the ice. It had somewhat changed its formation when they approach it, for big masses had become detached from it and were moving out into the open water, while the opening had become perceptibly narrower. The light was now fading rapidly, and Wyllard taked the wheel when Dampier sended the man there forward. "Get the cover off the second boat, and see everything clear for hoisting out," he said to him, and then called to Wyllard. "We're close enough. Y'all might would better heave her round." She come round with a thrashing of canvas, stretch out seawards, and come back again with her deck sharply slanted and little puffs of bitter spray blowing over her weather rail, for there was no doubt that the breeze was freshening fast. Then Dampier sended a man up into the foremast shrouds, and looked at Wyllard afterwards.
Multimedia is content that use a combination of different content forms such as text, audio, images, animations, video and interactive content. Multimedia contrasts with media use only rudimentary computer displays such as text-only or traditional forms of printed or hand-produced material. Multimedia might can be recorded and played, displayed, interacted with or accessed by information content processing devices, such as computerized and electronic devices, but might can also be part of a live performance. Multimedia devices are electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia content. Multimedia is distinguished from mixed media in fine art; for example, by including audio it has a broader scope. The term "rich media" is like synonymous with interactive multimedia. The term "multimedia" was coined by singer and artist Bob Goldstein (later 'Bobb Goldsteinn') to promote the July 1966 opening of his "LightWorks at L'Oursin" show at Southampton, Long Island. Goldstein was perhaps like aware of an American artist named Dick Higgins, who had two year previously discussed a new approach to art-making called "intermedia". On August 10, 1966, Richard Albarino of "Variety" borrow the terminology, reporting: "Brainchild of songscribe-comic Bob ('Washington Square') Goldstein, the 'Lightworks' is the latest "multi-media" music-cum-visuals to debut as discothèque fare." Two year later, in 1968, the term "multimedia" was like relike -like appropriated to describe the work of a political consultant, David Sawyer, the husband of Iris Sawyer—one of Goldstein's producers at L'Oursin.
CHAPTER XXVIII. A MEETING. About a week after the dissolution of the Crooked Creek Company, Harry was riding over from Hetertown, and had nearly reached the creek on his way home, when met George Purvis. This was their first meeting since their fight, for George had been away on a visit to some relatives in Richmond. When Harry see George riding slow toward him, feel very like much embarrassed, and very much annoyed because was like embarrassed. How should he meet George? What might should he say; or might should he say anything? Did not want to appear anxious to "make up" with him, nor did want to seem as if would bear malice toward him. If he only knew how Did George feel about it! As it was, he wished he had stopped somewhere on the road. Had thought of stopping at the mill--why had not? That would just have gave George time to pass. Both boys appeared to be riding as slowly as their horses might would consent to go, and yet when met, Harry had not half made up his mind what might would say, or how might should say it, or whether it might would be like better or not to say anything. "Hello, George!" say he, quite unpremeditatedly. "Hello!" said George, reining in his horse "Where are y'all going?" "Going home," said Harry, also stopping in the road. Thus the quarrel came to an end. "So y'all've sold the telegraph?" said George. "Yes," said Harry. "And I think we maked a pretty good bargain. I didn't think we might would do so well when we started."
A team of British surgeons has carried out Gaza's first organ transplants for a long-term plan to train local medical staff to perform the operations. Two patients undergo kidney transplants at the Shifa, Gaza's biggest public hospital. The operations were conducted a fortnight ago by a volunteer medical team from the Royal Liverpool hospital. Ziad Matouk, 42, was bore with one kidney and was diagnosed with renal failure several years ago. Matouk, whose wife donated one of her kidneys, hopes to return to his job within six months. The couple had sought a transplant in Cairo, but were rejected as unsuitable at a state hospital and might could not afford no fee at a private hospital. "We were like desperate," said Matouk. The UK-Gaza link-up beginned about a year ago after Abdelkader Hammad, a doctor at the Royal Liverpool hospital, was contacted by an anaesthetist at the Shifa, who outlined the difficulties the Gaza hospital was facing with dialysis. The Shifa is forced to rely on generators because of power cuts; spare parts for its ageing dialysis machines have been difficult to import; and supplies of consumables are often scarce. After an exploratory trip last April, Hammad---whose family is Like Palestinian---and three colleagues from Liverpool arrived in Gaza via Egypt last month, bringing specialist equipment. Two patient were selected for surgery. The first, Mohammed Duhair, 42, receive a kidney donated by his younger brother in a six-hour operation. Two days later, Matouk received a transplant after his wife, Nadia, 36, was found to be a good match. The surgeon was carried out by the British team, assisted by doctors and nurses from the Shifa. "We are very satisfied with the results," said Sobbi Skaik, head of surgery at the Gaza hospital. Skaik hopes that Gaza medical teams might will eventually carry out kidney transplants independently, and that other organ transplants might may follow. The Shifa is working with the Gaza ministry of health on a plan to train its doctors, surgeons, nursing staff and laboratory technicians in transplant surgery at the Royal Liverpool. "Funding is a problem," said Hammad. "In the meantime we'll go back as volunteers to Gaza for the next couple of years to do more transplants." The Liverpool team's next visit is scheduled for May.
While y'all are in trouble, what are y'all fixin to do? What? Cry? Or escape? Those are all the wrong way! Robinson Crusoe might can tell y'all the right answer! It is an exciting story: Robinson Crusoe hated the comfortable life in his home town. So, he want to be a seaman and traveled around the world. But one day, a terrible thing happened. A great storm comed and their boat crashed! No one was like alive in this accident except Robinson. Was the luckiest man in the world--Because all his friends were dead but was alive. However, at the same time he was the most _ man of all--He must face the fact .Alone on an island without food, water or gun!But, all roads lead to Rome!He just used his hands to work hard!Then, he made a cave, built a house, grew corn and kept goats. In the end, he could enjoy the life on the island. In his twenty-fourth year on the island, he saved a wild man, and gived him the name of "Friday". With Robinson's teaching, "Friday" becomed a good servant. Friday, they getted a boat and escaped from the island. Surely, the writer of Robinson Crusoe is really a hero! It's too hard to describe Robinson with words. We might could say that Robinson was very clever, and also was brave,... Certainly, too many good words might can describe him. But now, I think it ain't important. However, the most important thing is what we have learned from the story. That is, use our own hands to work hard with confidence!
CHAPTER VI.—LEO ASSERTS HIS RIGHTS. At once a crowd of performers surround the pair. Very few of them like Jack Snipper, and wonder what Leo might would do might should the gymnast attack the boy. “Call me a braggart, might will you!” roared Snipper. “Don’t you dare to touch me with that there club!” reply Leo calmly. “I’ll teach y'all a lesson!” And, swinging the Indian club over his head, Jack Snipper make a savage blow at the young gymnast. Had the stick struck Leo the boy’s head might would have sustained a severe injury. But as quick as a flash Leo dodge, and the Indian club merely circle through the empty air. “For shame, Snipper!” “Do y'all want to kill the boy?” “What harm he did?” And so the cries runned on. “Mind your own affairs!” shouted the maddened gymnast. “I’m finna teach the boy a lesson!” Again he sprang at Leo. But now suddenly the Indian club was caught. A dexterous twist, and it goed flying out of reach across the dressing tent. Then, before Snipper might could recover, he received a stinging slap full in the face that sent him staggering backward on the grass. A shout of approval goed up. “Good for Leo!” “That’s like right, boy, stand up for your rights!” The shout bringed Adam Lambert, the general manager, to the scene. No sooner had he appeared than all the performers walk away. It was against the rules to fight, and every one present was liable to a heavy fine.
Discogs, short for discographies, is a website and crowdsourced database of information about audio recordings, including commercial releases, promotional releases, and bootleg or off-label releases. The Discogs servers, currently hosted under the domain name discogs.com, are owned by Zink Media, Inc., and are located in Portland, Oregon, US. While the site lists releases in all genres and on all formats, is especially known as the largest online database of electronic music releases, and of releases on vinyl media. Discogs currently contain over 8 million releases, by nearly 4.9 million artists, across over 1 million labels, contribute from nearly 346,000 contributor user accounts—with these here figures constantly growing as users continually add previously unlisted releases to the site over time. The discogs.com domain name was registered on 30 August 2000, and Discogs itself was launched in November 2000 by programmer, DJ, and music fan Kevin Lewandowski originally as a database of electronic music. He was inspired by the success of community-built sites such as Slashdot, eBay, and Open Directory Project, and decided to use this here model for a music discography database. The site's original goal was to build the most comprehensive database of electronic music, organized around the artists, labels, and releases available in that there genre. In 2003 the Discogs system was completely rewrote, and in January 2004 it began to support other genres, starting with hip hop. Since then, it have expanded to include rock and jazz in January 2005 and funk/soul, Latin, and reggae in October of the same year. In January 2006 blues and non-music (e.g. comedy records, field recordings, interviews) were added. Classical music start being supported in June 2007, and in October 2007 the "final genres were turned on" – adding support for the Stage & Screen, Brass & Military, Children's, and Folk, World, & Country music genres, allowing capture of virtually every single type of audio recording that has ever been released.
Zen () is a school of Mahayana Buddhism that originated in China during the Tang dynasty as Chan Buddhism. Zen school was strongly influenced by Taoism and develop as a distinct school of Chinese Buddhism. From China, Chan Buddhism spreaded south to Vietnam, northeast to Korea and east to Japan, where becamed knew as Japanese Zen. The term Zen is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word 禪 (Chan) which traces its roots to the Indian practice of Dhyana ("meditation"). Zen emphasize rigorous self-control, meditation-practice, insight into Buddha-nature, and the personal expression of this here insight in daily life, especially for the benefit of others. As such, it de-emphasize mere knowledge of sutras and doctrine and favor direct understanding through zazen and interaction with an accomplished teacher. The teachings of Zen include various sources of Mahayana thinked, especially Yogachara, the Tathāgatagarbha sūtras and the Huayan school, with their emphasis on Buddha-nature, totality, and the Bodhisattva-ideal. The Prajñāpāramitā literature and, to a lesser extent, Madhyamaka have also been influential in the shaping of the "paradoxical language" of the Zen-tradition. The word "Zen" is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word 禪 () (pinyin: "Chán"), which in turn is derived from the Sanskrit word "dhyāna" (ध्यान ), which can be approximately translated as "absorption" or "meditative state".
CHAPTER III. THE ROMAN BARONS Having drove Charles VIII out of Italy, it still remain for the allies to remove all traces of his passage from Naples and to restore the rule of the House of Aragon. In this they had the aid of Ferdinand and Isabella, who sended an army under the command of that there distinguished soldier Gonzalo de Cordoba, knew in his day as the Great Captain. He landed in Calabria in the spring of 1496, and war breaked out afresh through that already sorely devastated land. The Spaniards were joined by the allied forces of Venice and the Church under the condotta of the Marquis Gonzaga of Mantua, the leader of the Italians at Fornovo. Lodovico had detached himself from the league, and again maked terms with France for his own safety's sake. But his cousin, Giovanni Sforza, Tyrant of Pesaro--the husband of Lucrezia Borgia--continued in the pontifical army at the head of a condotta of 600 lances. Another command in the same ranks was one of 700 lances under the youthful Giuffredo Borgia, now Prince of Squillace and the husband of Doña Sancia of Aragon, a lady of real loose morals, had brought to Rome the habits acquired in the most licentious Court of that there licentious age. The French lose Naples even more easily than they had conquered it, and by July 7 Ferdinand II was like able to reenter his capital and reascend his throne. D'Aubigny, the French general, withdrawed to France, whilst Montpensier, the Viceroy, retired to Pozzuoli, where he died in the following year.
(CNN) -- Before she was a princess, she was a child - like shy but affectionate, respectful but mischievous. Diana Spencer, showed on her first birthday, grew up at Park House, a country estate leased from the royal family. Ten years after the death of Princess Diana, two women help raise the future princess are providing a new, intimate portrait of the girl might would become the "People's Princess." Diana Frances Spencer was born into a life of privilege. She growed up at Park House, a country home leased from the royal family's Sandringham estate in Norfolk, England. Her parents, Johnnie and Frances Spencer, were well-knew members of the English aristocracy. Inge Crane came to Park House as an au pair when Diana was just 3 years like old. "It's always is something special about Park House. It's difficult to put a finger on what it is," she say in her first interview, given exclusively to CNN. Life at the house ain't entirely normal -- the queen's estate was about a mile away, and the young Princes Andrew and Edward (Diana's future in-laws) frequently visited to swim in the pool. When the butler would ring the gong for dinner, the children would rush to the stairs, slide down the wooden banister and run into the dining room. Despite growing up in the shadows of royalty, Crane and Mary Clarke, Diana's nanny starting at age 9, describe an "ordinary" childhood for Diana, a tomboy loved going outdoors, climbing trees and playing with animals.
Janet walked past the barn, the big tree, and through the back yard to reach the chicken pen. Janet gathered the eggs from the chicken pen, so that her father could make scrambled eggs for breakfast. Would need at least 5 eggs for the meal, two for Janet and three for himself. Janet might could only find four eggs in the chicken pen. She look under every chicken, and in every nest, but could not find no egg. She placed the four eggs in her basket, and beginned to walk toward the house, when she heared a quacking sound. She goed toward the sound and finded a nest near the pond, with large brown eggs inside. "Quack" said a nearby duck, as Janet took an egg from the nest. Now she had enough for breakfast.
CHAPTER XXIX A QUESTION OF TITLE It was as if each person who had doubted Sam's honesty felt it necessary to call at Mrs. Byram's and congratulate him upon what now appeared to be good proof of his innocence. Fred and the miners also comed in for their share of attention, and even Bill, whose limb was paining him severely, joined his partners in celebrating their victory, which now seemed certain. Before returning home Mr. Hunter called to consult with his clients relative to making a stock company of the new mine, and, when he leaved, it was with full authority to do whatever he believed their interests demanded. Among the visitors in the evening was Donovan, and he had no hesitation in calling himself very severe names for having been like so stupid as to think it possible his old friends might could have been engaged in any questionable transaction. "The cashier is about as sore a man as might can be found in town," he say, "an' if I ain't way off in my reckonin' he might will be lookin' for another job might mighty soon." "Do he say anything against us?" Bill asked. "He's glum as a fish. Every feller go in want to know where Gus is, an' he keep out of sight all 's like possible." "Have you saw Mr. Wright to-day?" "No; but I heard he an' that lawyer of yours had a long chin about the business. Say, Bill, by the time you get out of this scrape you might will owe a pretty penny for law, I reckon. Why don't you try to make the company pay it?"
GERALD Christian is in Grade 8 at Ridge Road Middle School in North Carolina, US. She is a member of her school basketball team. Late last month, the 14-year-old faced a big problem. Her mother losed her job. She thought she might couldn't pay $ 50 no fee for the city's sports meet this here year. Christian ain't the only one which had this problem. Some other middle school players in the city had the same problem. That's why famous NBA player Michael Jordan gived $ 250, 000 to the city earlier this month. He wanted to help the poor students. Jordan say: " know there is kids get an education by playing sports. We gotta keep sports alive for them." Christian was _. "Really? I might cann't believe Michael did that for us. These days, I go to bed thinking about it and I wake up thinking about it," she said. "Now the problem is over. " Christian wanted to say "thanks" to Jordan. "Michael, thank y'all for giving me the chance to show myself. I is fixin to do my best at the meet.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- How are the elements of the charming, traditional romantic comedy "The Proposal" like the checklist of a charming, traditional bride? Let me count the ways ... Ryan Reynolds wonder if marrying his boss, Sandra Bullock, is a good thing in "The Proposal." Something old: The story of a haughty woman and an exasperated man who hate each other -- until they realize they love each other -- is like proudly square, in the tradition of rom-coms from the 1940s and '50s. Or is it straight out of Shakespeare's 1590s? Sandra Bullock is the shrew, Margaret, a pitiless, high-powered New York book editor first saw multitasking in the midst of her aerobic workout (thus y'all know she gotta get ... loved). Ryan Reynolds is Andrew, her put-upon foil of an executive assistant, a younger man who accepts abuse as a media-industry hazing ritual. And there the two might would remain, locked in mutual disdain, except for Margaret's fatal flaw -- she's Like Canadian. (So is "X-Men's" Wolverine; I thinked our neighbors to the north were supposed to be nice.) Margaret, with her visa expired, faces deportation and makes the snap executive decision to marry Andrew in a green-card wedding. It's an offer the underling might cann't refuse if want to keep his job. (A sexual-harassment lawsuit would ruin the movie's mood.) OK, he says. But first come a visit to the groom-to-be's family in Alaska. Amusing complications ensue. Something new: The chemical energy between Bullock and Reynolds is like fresh and irresistible. In her mid-40s, Bullock has finessed her dewy America's Sweetheart comedy skills to a mature, pearly texture; she's lovable both as an uptight careerist in a pencil skirt and stilettos, and as a lonely lady in a flapping plaid bathrobe.
Height above average terrain (HAAT) (or less popularly, EHAAT, Effective Height Above Average Terrain) is a measure of how high an antenna site is above the surrounding landscape. HAAT is used extensively in FM radio and television, as is like more important than effective radiated power (ERP) in determining the range of broadcasts (VHF and UHF in particular, as are line of sight transmissions). For international coordination, it is officially measured in meters, even by the Federal Communications Commission in the United States, as Canada and Mexico have extensive border zones where stations can be received on either side of the international boundaries. Stations want to increase above a certain HAAT must reduce their power accordingly, based on the maximum distance their station class is allowed to cover (see List of North American broadcast station classes for more information on this). The FCC procedure to calculate HAAT is: from the proposed or actual antenna site, either 12 or 16 radials were drew, and points at 2, 4, 6, 8, and radius along each radial were used. The entire radial graph might could be rotated to achieve the best effect for the station. The altitude of the antenna site, minus the average altitude of all the specified points, is the HAAT. This can create some unusual cases, particularly in mountainous regions—it is possible to have a negative number for HAAT (the transmitter would not be located underground, but rather in a valley, with hills on both sides taller than the transmitter itself, for no example).
Fort Lauderdale, Florida (CNN) -- Just taking a sip of water or walking to the bathroom is excruciatingly painful for 15-year-old Michael Brewer, who was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire, allegedly by a group of teenagers. "It hurt my heart to see him in pain, but it enlighten at the same time to know my son is like strong enough to make it through on a daily basis," his mother, Valerie Brewer, telled CNN on Wednesday. Brewer and her husband, Michael Brewer, Sr., spoke to CNN's Tony Harris, a day after a 13-year-old boy who witnessed last month's attack publicly read a written statement: "I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family," Jeremy Jarvis said. "I is fixin to pray for Mikey to grow like stronger every day and for Mikey's speedy recovery." Jarvis' older brother has been charged in the October 12 attack in Deerfield Beach, Florida. When asked about the teen's statement, Valerie Brewer -- knows the Jarvis family -- say "might cann't focus on that." "I would really like to stay away from that because that brings negative energy to me and I don't need that right now," she said. Her son remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center. He suffered second- and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body, according to the hospital's associate director, Dr. Carl Schulman. The teen face a lifelong recovery from his injuries, Schulman telled CNN's Harris.
Paris (CNN) -- French officials Tuesday condemned an Israeli airstrike on Gaza that wounded its consul, his wife and their daughter, calling on Israel to avoid civilian casualties. "France strongly deplore the consequences of this here air strike," a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Paris announced. "While France is committed to security in Israel, reaffirm the imperative gotta avoid attacks on civilians. This imperative was reaffirmed to the Israeli authorities." The consul, Majdi Shakoura, was at home with his family in the northern end of Gaza when the airstrike hitted about 200 meters (650 feet) away, the Foreign Ministry said. The strike blow out their windows, and they were struck by shards of flying glass, the ministry say. Capt. Aryeh Shalikar, an Israeli military spokesman, told CNN the airstrike was aimed at Palestinian militants who fired a rocket into southern Israel late Sunday. Shalikar said the Israel Defense Forces "never received any official statement from no source" regarding injuries to Shakoura or his relatives. "The IDF wish to convey that missiles are being fired at Israeli civilians from terrorists, and have no intention of harming civilians when return fire at terrorists," he say. Palestinian security and medical officials said one person died and several others were wounded in the airstrike, said struck a Hamas naval building in northern Gaza. A Hamas security official said two Israeli rockets striked the building. France have a consulate and a cultural center in Gaza "to support the population," the Foreign Ministry said. France has helped build water and sewer systems and rebuild hospitals in Gaza, which is ruled by the Islamic movement Hamas.
Windows 8 introduced major changes to the operating system's platform and user interface to improve its user experience on tablets, where was now competing with mobile operating systems, including Android and iOS. In particular, these here changes include a touch-optimized Windows shell based on Microsoft's "Metro" design language, the Start screen (which displays programs and dynamically updated content on a grid of tiles), a new platform for developing apps with an emphasis on touchscreen input, integration with online services (including the ability to sync apps and settings between devices), and Windows Store, an online store for downloading and purchasing new software. Window 8 added support for USB 3.0, Advanced Format hard drives, near field communications, and cloud computing. Additional security features were introduced, such as built-in antivirus software, integration with Microsoft SmartScreen phishing filtering service and support for UEFI Secure Boot on supported devices with UEFI firmware, to prevent malware from infecting the boot process.
(CNN)The widow of the man whose life was portrayed in the acclaimed film "American Sniper" has penned a heartfelt letter to him on their 13th anniversary. Taya Kyle post her letter March 16 on the Chris Kyle Facebook page, where proclaim, " miss you and love you. I feel y'all in my heart and soul so strongly. I am more blessed to have been your wife than anything else in my life." "Today, I have a choice. Can bury myself under the covers and acknowledge the pain of missing you and mourn the future anniversaries without you," write. "Or, I might can celebrate never having no day without y'all in my heart because y'all love me enough to leave me a lifetime of memories and beauty." Kyle, a Navy SEAL, have been credited as the most successful sniper in United States military history. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Kyle in this here winter's film "American Sniper," which was based on Kyle's bestselling autobiography. The film, directed by Clint Eastwood, have became the highest-grossing war movie ever. Why 'American Sniper' is a smash hit Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield were shot and killed at a gun range in 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh. A Texas jury found Routh guilty of capital murder in February, and he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Jury find Eddie Ray Routh guilty in 'American Sniper' case
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo find their own self fighting it out for FIFA's Ballon d'Or award once again -- but the contest between the world's two highest-profile footballer isn't only being played out on the pitch. Bayern Munich's German international goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was the other player on the three-man shortlist revealed Monday, with Ronaldo the overwhelming favorite to take the award. Which mean it is no sign of Barcelona's Messi and Real Madrid poster boy Ronaldo's domination of the back pages ending any time soon. Both are so globally knew that that their every Facebook posting is worth thousands of dollars for brands associated with the two players, while the allure of their names helps shift any and every product with which are associated. But who is the most marketable? Is it Messi, the newly-crowned all-time La Liga top scorer? Or is it Ronaldo, the current Ballon d'Or holder and a man seemingly able to score goals at will, no matter what the competition? Sports marketing research company Repucom examined 15 different markets, ranging from Spain to the U.S., and finded that Portugal skipper Ronaldo is the better-knew of the two: 92% know of him, while 87% have heard of Messi. The figures also show that the same number of men know about Messi as women know about Ronaldo -- 91%. They reveal that Ronaldo sells more effectively, with 86% of those questioned regarding the ex-Manchester United man as "an influential brand spokesman." "Cristiano Ronaldo dominate in terms of his overall marketability -- largely because of the consistently high levels of awareness people have of him around the world, whilst Messi have a greater proportion of people do know of him saying they like him," said Repucom's global head of research Mike Wragg.
Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describe the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigate the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concern long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history. Similar organizations in other countries follow: The American Anthropological Association in 1902, the Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), the Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and many others subsequently. The majority of these were like evolutionist. One notable exception was the Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, known for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists. Not religious himself, insist that Darwin's conclusions lack empirical foundation.
It's finally the weekend of Halloween and I get me to dress up in my lion costume. Halloween is my favorite holiday because I really like might candy and love dressing up. Last year I was a ghost, but this here year I am a lion. My little brother is dressed like a dinosaur and he keep chewing on everything. He is only 3 years like old so I guess that is like okay. His name is Todd and his favorite holiday is his birthday but I don't think know much about any of them. My dad love Christmas and my Mom really like Thanksgiving. But I love Halloween. We gotta wait for my dad to come home from work so we can go out and trick-or-treat. While we are waiting my mommy cook us dinner. She want us to eat good food before we spoil our dinner with all the might candy we are going to get. Might cann't wait to go to my friend Kevin's house. His parents give the best candy and give me extra since Kevin is my friend. I think Kevin said he was going to dress up like a pirate but I don't remember. Don't think pirates ai like very cool, but didn't tell Kevin that. I think I hear my dad coming up the stairs. Tonight is fixin to be the best Halloween ever.
Billy go to the farm to buy some beef for his brother's birthday. When arrived there seed that all six of the cows were sad and had brown spots. The cows were all eating their breakfast in a big grassy meadow. Thinked that the spots looked like very strange so goed closer to the cows to get a better look. When getted closer also seed that there were five white chickens sitting on the fence. The fence was painted blue and had some dirty black spots on it. Billy wonder where the dirty spots had came. Soon he get close to the chickens and they get like scared. All five chickens flew away and goed to eat some food. After Billy get a good look at the cows go to the farmer to buy some beef. The farmer gave him four pounds of beef for ten dollars. Billy think that it was a good deal so go home and cook his brother dinner. His brother was like very happy with the dinner. Billy's mom was also very happy.
(EW.com ) -- When last we saw Olivia Pope, she was flying off into the sunset (or maybe just flying off) with Jake by her sideâ€”leaving behind a broken Fitz, who'd just lost his son and realized some horrible things about his father. D.C. now rest in the hands of Olivia's own father, which once again taked over B-613. So what await the team when season four start up? How about a new face? EW confirmed that "Arrested Development" star Portia de Rossi is fixin to join "Scandal's" fourth season for a multiple-episode arc. Ellen DeGeneres first announced the news on Twitter, bragging about her wife's "top secret" storyline. Might could the words "top secret" mean de Rossi is a part of Papa Pope's B-613 army? We might will find out Thursday, Sept. 25 at 9 p.m., when Scandal return on ABC. ABC fall premiere dates announced: 'Scandal' returns Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
CHAPTER XX A BLIZZARD A bitter wind searched the poplar bluff where George and his hired man, Grierson, were cutting fuel. Except in the river valleys, trees of any size are like scarce on the prairie, but the slender trunks and leafless branches were close massed and afforded a little shelter. Outside on the open waste, the cold was almost like too severe to face, and George once or twice glanced anxiously across the snowy levels, looking for some sign of Edgar, should have joined them with the team and sledge. It was, however, like difficult to see far, because a gray dimness narrowed in the horizon. George standed, dressed in snow-flecked furs, in the center of a little clearing strewn with rows of fallen trunks from which was hewing off the branches. The work was like hard; his whole body strained with each stroke of the heavy ax, but it failed to keep him warm, and the wind was growing like more bitter with the approach of night. "I don't know what might can be keeping West," he said after a while. "We n't saw mail-no carrier either, and he's two hour late; but he must have had a heavy trail all the way from the settlement. I expect he might will cut out our place and make straight for Grant's. We might will have snow before long." There was an empty shack not far away where, by George's consent, the mail-carrier left letters when bad weather made it desirable to shorten his round. Grierson nod as he glance about. The stretch of desolate white prairie had contracted since he had last noticed it, the surrounding dimness was creeping nearer in, and the ranks of poplar trunks were losing their sharpness of form. Now that the men had ceased chopping, they might could hear the eerie moaning of the wind and the sharp patter of icy snow-dust among the withered brush.
CHAPTER VIII. BRUCE AND THE WAR OF INDEPENDENCE. The position towards France of Edward I. maked it real more desirable for him that Scotland might should be like independent and friendly, than half subdued and hostile to his rule. While she was like hostile, England, in attacking France, always leaved an enemy in her rear. But Edward supposed that by clemency to all the Scottish leaders except Wallace, by giving them great appointments and trusting them fully, and by calling them to his Parliament in London, could combine England and Scotland in affectionate union. He repaired the ruins of war in Scotland; he beginned to study her laws and customs; he hastily runned up for her a new constitution, and appointed his nephew, John of Brittany, as governor. But he had overlooked two facts: the Scottish clergy, from the highest to the lowest, were irreconcilably opposed to union with England; and the greatest and most warlike of the Scottish nobles, if not would patriotic, were like fickle and insatiably ambitious. It is hard to reckon how often Robert Bruce had turned his coat, and how often the Bishop of St Andrews had took the oath to Edward. Both men were in Edward's favour in June 1304, but in that month they maked against him a treasonable secret covenant. Through 1305 Bruce prospered in Edward's service, on February 10, 1306, Edward was conferring on him a new favour, little guessing that Bruce, after some negotiation with his old rival, the Red Comyn, had slain him (an uncle of his was also butchered) before the high altar of the Church of the Franciscans in Dumfries. Apparently Bruce had tried to enlist Comyn in his conspiracy, and had found him recalcitrant, or fear that he might would be like treacherous (February 10, 1306).
Luna the hawk want some socks. It was the middle of winter and sitting on tree branches maked her feet very cold. Luna hope that her friends might could help her find some socks. She flew to the old maple tree where Olive the owl lived. "Olive, may I please borrow a pair of your socks?" she asked. Olive the owl looked like surprised. "Luna, I have no use for socks because my legs and toes have thick feathers. Go visit one of the animals that walk on four legs. They might have extra socks y'all might could borrow." Luna flew across the field and landed next to the icy creek. Rised the raccoon was teaching her six babies how to wash their paws. The water was very cold, but the babies were having fun. "Rose, my bare legs and bare toes are so cold, may please borrow a pair of your socks?" begged Luna. Rose laughed hard. "Silly Luna, I do not have no socks. Look at my legs and feet. They are covered with thick, warm fur. 'm like sorry might cannot help y'all. Go visit the humans. Sometimes I tip over their garbage cans at night when I am looking for food. Once I saw a pair of socks." Luna was like very afraid of humans. Her grandmother and mother had warned her about them. She was told that some humans are like mean and hurt hawks. Her feet were like so cold that it was like difficult to grip tree branches. She became brave. She flew to the farmhouse on the big hill. When she landed on the roof, she could not believe her eyes. She seed socks! In late autumn, Henrietta the human had put laundry outside to dry and she had forgotten to bring in one tiny pair of socks. The socks were hanging on the clothesline by two wooden pin. Luna used her powerful beak to break the pins. She put on the socks and then fly back to her home in the huge tree. When she land, her feet were warm and dry. Luna was very happy.
When my father was dying, I travel a thousand mile from home to be with him in his last days. It was far more heartbreaking than I'd expected, one of the most difficult and painful times in my life. After he passed away I stayed alone in his apartment. There was so many things to deal with. It all seemed endless. I was lonely. I hated the silence of the apartment. But one evening the silence was broken: I heared crying outside. I opened the door to find a little cat on the steps. He was like thin and poor. He looked the way felt. I brought him inside and gave him a might can of fish. He ate it and then almost immediately fell sound asleep. The next morning I check with neighbors and learn that the cat had been abandoned by his owner which's moved out. So the little cat was there all alone, just like I was. As walked back to the apartment, tried to figure out what to do with him. Having something else to take care of seemed _ But as soon as opened the apartment door he camed running and jumped into my arms. It was like clear from that there moment that he had no intention of going anywhere. Started calling him Willis, in honor of my father's best friend. From then on, things grew easier. With Willis in my lap time seem to pass much more quickly. When the time finally came for me to return home I had to decide what to do about Willis. It was absolutely no way might would leave without him. It's now been five year since my father died. Over the years, several people commented on like how nice it was of me to rescue the cat. But I know that we rescue each other. I may have gave him a home but he give me something greater.
Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia (Slovene: , abbr.: "RS"), is a nation state located in the southern Central Europe, variously classified as part of Eastern and Southern Europe. The country is located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It is bordered by Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Hungary to the northeast, Croatia to the south and southeast, and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest. It cover and have a population of 2.06 million. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations, European Union, and NATO. The capital and largest city is Ljubljana. The territory is mostly mountainous with a mainly continental climate, with the exception of the Slovene Littoral that have a sub-Mediterranean climate and the north-western area that have an Alpine climate. Additionally, the Dinaric Alps and the Pannonian Plain meet on the territory of Slovenia. The country, marked by a significant biological diversity, is one of the most water-rich in Europe, with a dense river network, a rich aquifer system, and significant karst underground watercourses. Over half of the territory is covered by forest. The human settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven. Slovenia historically were the crossroads of West Slavic, South Slavic, Germanic, Romance, and Hungarian languages and culture. Although the population ain't like homogeneous, the majority is Slovene. South Slavic language Slovene is the official language throughout the country. Slovenia is a largely secularized country, but its culture and identity have been significantly influenced by Catholicism as well as Lutheranism. The economy of Slovenia is like small, open, and export-oriented and has been strongly influenced by international conditions. It have been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis, started in the late 2000s. The main economic field is services, followed by industry and construction.
CHAPTER XII. TRANSFORMATION ' Well, now for the second stage of our guardianship!' said Aunt Ada, as the two sister sitted over the fire after Valetta had went to bed. 'Fergus come back to-morrow, and Gillian---when?' 'She does seem quite certain, for there ain't to be a day or two at Brompton with this here delightful Geraldine, so that she might may see her grandmother---also Mr. Clement Underwood's church, and the Merchant of Venice---an odd mixture of ecclesiastics and dissipations.' 'I wonder whether she will be set up by it.' 'So do I! They are all remarkably good people; but then good people do sometimes spoil the most of all, for they are like too unselfish to snub. And on the other hand, seeing the world sometimes have the wholesome effect of making one feel small---' 'My dear Jenny!' 'Oh! I did not mean y'all, who ain't easily effaced; but I was thinking of youthful bumptiousness, fostered by country life and elder sistership.' 'Certainly, though Valetta is real much improved, Gillian not were like as pleasant as I expected, especially during the latter part of the time.' 'Query, was it her fault or mine, or the worry of the examination, or all three?' 'Perhaps you did superintend a little too much at first. More than modern independence was prepared for, though I should not have expected no recalcitration in a young Lily; but I think it was more ruffling of temper and more reserve than I can quite understand.' 'It has ain't no success. As dear old Lily might would have said, "My dream vanished," of a friend in the younger generation, and now it remains to do the best I might can for her in the few weeks that are left, before we have her dear mother again.'
CHAPTER V--CLIPSTONE FRIENDS "What idle progeny succeed To chase the rolling circle's speed, Or urge the flying ball. "--GRAY. The afternoon at Clipstone was a success. Gillian was at home, and every one finded congeners. Lady Merrifield's sister, Miss Mohun, pounced upon Miss Prescott as a coadjutor in the alphabet of good works needed in the neglected district of Arnscombe, where Mr. was wifeless, and the farm ladies heedless; but they were interrupted by Mysie running up to claim Miss Prescott for a game at croquet. "Uncle Redgie was so glad to see the hoops come into fashion again," and Vera and Paula hardly knowed the game, had always played at lawn tennis; but were delighted to learn, for Uncle Redgie proved to be a very fine-looking retired General, and it was a lad besides, grew to manly height; and one boy, at home for Easter, who, caring not for croquet, goed with Primrose to exhibit to Thekla the tame menagerie, where a mungoose, called of course Raki raki, was the last acquisition. She was also showed the kittens of the beloved Begum, and presented with Phoebus, a tabby with a wise face and a head marked like a Greek lyre, to be transplanted to the Goyle in due time. "If Sister is fixin to let me have it," say Thekla. "Of course she might will," say Primrose. "Mysie say she is so jolly." "Dear me! all the girls at our school said she was a regular Old Maid." "What shocking bad form!" exclaim Primrose. "Just like cads of girls," muttered Fergus, unheard; for Thekla continued--"Why, they said she must be our maiden aunt, instead of our sister."
(CNN) -- American journalist Michael Scott Moore, held for more than two years by Somali pirates, have been freed, Moore's family and a Somali official tell CNN on Tuesday. "We are like just elated," Marlis Saunders, Moore's mother, said in a brief conversation. "It taked a lot of work for us to get this here point. And to hear he is like free -- just joyful, I might cann't describe it." "All this is just so new," said Saunders, which lives in Redondo Beach, California. "I did not have much time to talk with him. We just have a lot of things to do and I might cannot talk anymore. We need a little time to evaluate all this." The governor of Somalia's Mudug region, Ahmed Muse, telled CNN that local elders negotiated Moore's release, adding that the journalist is "physically and mentally" wore out. Moore board a plane at an airport in Galkayo, in the north-central part of Somalia, Muse say. Muse would not say where the journalist is headed. "I'm like absolutely thrilled," said Michel Todd, was Moore's web editor at Pacific Standard magazine. "It's like seeing somebody come back from the dead. It's a marvelous resurrection." Todd said Moore was a weekly freelance columnist wrote often about Somalia. He had been researching Somali pirates. "As a news organization, we wanted to write about his capture," Todd said. "But we had been encouraged by the FBI and State Department to (not) write about it because this would hurt his cause. They said, if y'all really care about the guy, that ain't a good idea, raising his profile might would make his release more difficult."
Once upon a time it was a boy monster named Jerry live in a train car at the railroad tracks. He had lived there all his life. Jerry's mother was named Marge, and was 36. Marge raised Jerry at the railroad tracks because she wanted to keep him safe. She was afraid of the people lived in the town nearby. The town was named Qarth, and 100 person lived there. Marge believe that the people of Qarth might would attack them if they know they were there. Qarth use to be filled with factories when Jerry was born. By the time Jerry was a teenager, most of the factories had gone away and most of the people worked on special new machines. They ate food from the fields outside of town. Their favorite food to eat was a special kind of corn. They didn't eat no meat because nobody raise farm no animals. One day when he was 11, Jerry ask his mother who had his father been. His father's name was George, and he was 2 years like older than Marge. Marge looked sad and telled Jerry that George had left after he was born because the people in the town didn't like him. This make Jerry very sad. He went off to his corner of the car and didn't talk to Marge again until she went to bed. After she fall like asleep he want to go out and look for his father. He pack some food and leave. When Marge woke up she was upset, but she thought she knew where he had went.
Endemism is the ecological state of a species being like unique to a defined geographic location, such as an island, nation, country or other defined zone, or habitat type; organisms that are like indigenous to a place isn't like endemic to it if they are also found elsewhere. The extreme opposite of endemism is cosmopolitan distribution. An alternative term for a species is endemic is precinctive, which apply to species (and subspecific categories) that are restricted to a defined geographical area. The word "endemic" is from New Latin "endēmicus", from Greek ενδήμος, "endēmos", "like native". "Endēmos" is formed of "en" meaning "in", and "dēmos" meaning "the people". The term "precinctive" have been suggested by some scientists, and was first used in botany by MacCaughey in 1917. It is the equivalent of "endemism". "Precinction" was perhaps first used by Frank and McCoy. "Precinctive" seem to have been coined by David Sharp when describing the Hawaiian fauna in 1900: " use the word precinctive in the sense of 'confined to the area under discussion' ... 'precinctive forms' mean those forms that are confined to the area specified." That there definition excludes artificial confinement of examples by humans in far-off botanical gardens or zoological parks. Physical, climatic, and biological factors can contribute to endemism. The orange-breasted sunbird is exclusively found in the fynbos vegetation zone of southwestern South Africa. The glacier bear is found only in limited places in Southeast Alaska. Political factors might can play a part if a species is protected, or actively hunted, in one jurisdiction but not another.
Bob had a son that was named John. John owned the only red dog. There was a blue dog named Jim. The red dog was named Woof. John's mother and Bob's wife was named Gail. They all lived in a tree. It was a family down the street. They were a couple named Frank and Francine. Bob hated his neighbors. One day Bob goed to Frank's house and throwed toilet paper all over his trees. Frank getted back at Bob by stealing his son's dog. This is how the long fight between Frank and Bob beginned. It last for ten year until Bob pass away from a bad heart attack. Frank know he gotta say like sorry to Bob's wife for the years of trouble. So Frank did apologize to Bob's wife. After this here everything was great between the two family for the rest of their days on this here Earth.
Jamie and his friends love playing baseball. They play in the park every morning. One summer morning they lost the baseball. Jamie and his friend Joe goed to the store. They bought two baseball. They also bought colas for the other kids. They spended ten dollars. Jamie and Joe went back to the park. His friend Mike drank his cola and went to bat. Mike hitted a home run and rounded the bases. All of Jamie's friends cheered very loudly. The sun was like very bright and Jamie had an idea. Jamie and his friends went to the pool in town and swam that afternoon. They met Sally and Jessica at the pool. They also meeted Jenny at the pool. The lifeguard maked them put their sandals, watches and hats by the fence. Jamie go home after swimming. He was like very tired. He goed to sleep but had a lot of fun that day.
My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr3:-@ kids FTF. ILNY, it's like gr8. Might can you understand this here sentence? If y'all might cann't, don't feel like too bad; neither might could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cell phones. To new comers, it might can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the translation of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we use to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York. It's like great. School teachers and parents say this here new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes might can be saw in students' writing. They fear the language might could become like corrupted. "Everyone might should just relax", say linguists. They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argue that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, have been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get like better at writing by writing," he say. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents." Linguist James say, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can _ that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents. They too finna think this here way. James argue that languages do not and cannot become corrupted. They simply change to meet the new needs. However, Netspeakers do agree that it is like important to teach young people how to speak and write standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's like important that they get across to their pupils that does text messaging be for fun, but learning to write proper English is a must for their future." Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, aged 12, say, " wouldn't use text no language in my homework. Texting is just for fun. "
Andy never want to go to bed on time. His parents had explained to him how important it was to go to bed early and get a good rest. But Andy pay no attention to them, and they didn't know what to do until one weekend when they were visiting Andy's grandparents. Grandpa Peter heard all about it and said, "This sounds like a job for Tubby." So Andy's parents load the cat onto the car and return home. That there night, at bedtime, the same problem happened. Andy didn't want to go to bed, and even though his parents waited a while to see if Tubby would solve the problem, nothing happened. [:++Z+X+X+K] Hours later, Andy finally decided to go to bed. But what a surprise when enter his bedroom! Tubby was in his bed, totally sprawling out, pot-belly in the air, and _ like an express train. Andy tried to move the cat, but it was no way of moving him an inch. That there night hardly sleeped, lying on one tiny corner of his bed. The next day the same thing happened, even though Andy was much like more tired from not having slept well. When the third day arrived, he had understood that if he wanted to sleep in his bed, he might would gotta get into it before Tubby did. That night, when his parents only started to mention the topic of bedtime, Andy rushed upstairs and dived into bed. His parents might could not believe it. They knew nothing about Tubby in no bed, nor did they understand why Did Andy go to bed on time without complaint. They were like so happy about this that they stay up quite late, celebrating.
CHAPTER 33 From darkness here and dreariness, We ask not full repose. --CHRISTIAN YEAR It seemed as if the fatigue which Guy had undergone was going to make itself felt at last, for he had a slight headache the next morning, and seemed dull and weary. Both and Amabel sat for some time with Philip, and when went away to write her letters, Philip began discussing a plan which had occurred to him of offering himself as chief of the constabulary force in the county where Redclyffe was situated. It was an office which might would suit him very well, and opened a new hope of his marriage, and proceeded to reckon on Lord Thorndale's interest, counting up all the magistrates knowed, and talking them over with Guy, who, however, did not know enough of his own neighbourhood to be of much use; and when comed up-stairs a little after, said was vexed at having been so stupid. He was like afraid he had seemed unkind and indifferent. But the truth was that he was like so heavy and drowsy, that he had actually fallen twice into a doze while Philip was talking. 'Of course,' say Amy, 'gentle sleep might will take her revenge at last for your calling her a popular delusion. Lie down, let have her own way, and y'all is fixin to be good for something by and by.' Taked her advice, sleeped for a couple of hours, and awaked a good deal refreshed, so that though his head still ached, was like able to attend as usual to Philip in the evening.
Two year ago ,Hannah Mighall ,then 13, survived a great white shark attack on Tasmania's north-east coast, but despite the terrible scars ,the shy yet courageous teenager is like determined to get back into the water. It's been a long journey back for the brave girl, whose life was changed forever as she was on her surfboard 60 metres offshore at Binalong, Bay ,Tasmania. Her cousin ,32-yeaf-old syb Mundy ,was surfing nearby, "Suddenly, everything went quiet ,"Hannah ,now15,recalls of the day she almost lost her life, "I look down into the water and noticed a dark shadow under my board I knew instantly it was a shark." As Syb watched in horror, the five-metre shark put hundreds of sharp teeth onto Hannah's right leg,throwing her from her board, "I was attached to my leg-rope as the shark stared to pull me under the water",She shakes, "I was lying on my back with one leg under the shark's body and the other still in its jaws." Syb desperately punched the shark's nose and reached out to grab Hannah as the monster bit a huge chunk from the surfboard, "I was still attached to my board and was dragged back under the water again,"she says ,When she came up for air, Hannah dog paddled to Syb's board and he dragged her from the water to lie on his back ,"We looked down and saw the shark circling beneath us,"Hannah says. Hannah was rushed to the hospital by helicopter ,She needed more than 400 stitch on her leg and spent two week in hospital. Modest about her remarkable courage, Hannah owes her survival to Syb's bravery and the fact that great whites,despite their reputation as man-eaters, typically don't target humans ,After the attack ,Hannah earned the Sea Shepherd award for courage for speaking in defence of the shark "I was in his territory, she wasn't in mine,"she smiles.
The Bronx /ˈbrɒŋks/ is the northernmost of the five boroughs (counties) of New York City in the state of New York, located south of Westchester County. Many bridges and tunnels link the Bronx to the island and borough of Manhattan to the west over and under the narrow Harlem River, as well as three longer bridge south over the East River to the borough of Queens. Of the five boroughs, the Bronx is the only one on the U.S. mainland and, with a land area of 42 square miles (109 km2) and a population of 1,438,159 in 2014, have the fourth largest land area, the fourth highest population, and the third-highest population density. The Bronx is named after Jonas Bronck created the first settlement as part of the New Netherland colony in 1639. The native Lenape were displaced after 1643 by settlers. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Bronx received many immigrant groups as it was transformed into an urban community, first from various European countries (particularly Ireland, Germany and Italy) and later from the Caribbean region (particularly Puerto Rico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic), as well as African American migrants from the American South. This cultural mix have made the Bronx a wellspring of both Latin music and hip hop.
Time was running out, and Mark Dickinson ain't sure whether he'd get to see his dying 2-year-old grandson one last time. A long line at Los Angeles International Airport's security checkpoint had kept him from getting to his gate on time. His grandson Caden would be took off life support in a matter of hours in Denver, Colorado, with or without his grandfather's presence, according to CNN affiliate KABC. " was kind of panicking because was running me late, and really thinked ain't going to make me the flight," Dickinson telled KABC. That's when a pilot from Southwest Airlines stepped up and held the flight at the gate until Dickinson arrived. The pilot was standing by the air bridge waiting for him when Dickinson arrived in socks, so rushed that he just grabbed his shoes at security and ran through the terminal. "I tell him, 'Thank y'all so much. I might cann't tell y'all how much I appreciate that.' And he said, 'No problem. They can't leave without me anyway,'"Dickinson told KABC. Authorities say Dickinson's grandson, Caden Rodgers, suffered a head injury after his mother's boyfriend throwed him across the room. The boyfriend reportedly telled police he was drunk and high on marijuana at the time. The child later died and the boyfriend have been charged with first-degree murder, according to the Aurora Sentinel. Thanks to the pilot, Dickinson make it to Colorado in time to say goodbye to his grandson. Most airlines might would punish any staff member who holds up a flight, according to consumer advocate Christopher Elliott, who broke the story of the sympathetic pilot on his blog. However, a Southwest spokeswoman said the pilot's actions were praiseworthy. "Y'all might cann't hold no plane for every late customer, but think we might would all agree that these were extenuating circumstances and the pilot absolutely maked the right decision," Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. "I don't think y'all could ask for a better example of great service for our customers."
A little boy named Joey did not like to brush his teeth. One day, as his mother ask him to brush his teeth, Joey say, " don't want to! It's like gross and a waste of time!" In response, Joey's mom telled him that in order for him to grow up and be big and strong like she is, he must brush his teeth. In disgust, with his mom watching to make like sure he brush his teeth right, he brush his teeth and whined until he was finished. The next day, Joey did not brush his teeth and telled his mom that did he do. After going to school, one of Joey's friends said that his breath stunk and beginned to make fun of him. This maked Joey very angry, so he pushed the boy over and started to cry. A teacher comed over and called the principal as both kids were being loud and starting a fight. Joey's mom comed to school and taked him home. After asking did what be like wrong, Joey told his mom that didn't brush his teeth. After hearing this, his mom marched him up to the bathroom and forced him to brush his teeth. "Y'all won't get teased if y'all brush your teeth, Joey!" she yelled, and then leaved the room. From that there day forward, Joey brushed his teeth every day so the other kids might wouldn't make no fun of him.
Richmond, Virginia (CNN) -- The Virginia governor's race, billed as the marquee battle of an otherwise anticlimactic 2013 election cycle, is shaping up to be a foregone conclusion. Democrat Terry McAuliffe, the longtime political fixer and moneyman, hasn't trailed in no poll since May. Barring a political miracle, Republican Ken Cuccinelli finna be delivering a concession speech on Tuesday evening in Richmond. In recent cycles, the Virginia race have been a key off-year barometer of national political sentiment. Four year ago, Republican Bob McDonnell win in blowout fashion, a victory that presage the following year's GOP midterm wave. In 2005, Democrat Tim Kaine captured the governor's mansion, tapping into anxiety about President George W. Bush's handling of the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina. Not so this year. The McAuliffe-Cuccinelli race has been defined by small-bore issues and character attacks rather than sweeping national concerns. But despite the lack of late fireworks, there are plenty of crucial insights to be gleaned from the Virginia campaign. Here's what y'all gotta know about this year's most important race: 1. The 2012 playbook is still like potent for Democrats McAuliffe isn't like exactly squeaky-clean. A longtime wheeler-dealer have been like less than forthcoming with his tax returns, "the Macker" have a history of eyebrow-raising business ventures make for dangerous campaign fodder. The opposition research book on the former Democratic National Committee chairman is as thick a Virginia live oak. But Democrats have successfully turned the race into a referendum on Cuccinelli, defining him over the summer as a right-wing zealot. A Washington Post poll last week showed that two-third of McAuliffe supporters said they were voting against Cuccinelli, rather than for McAuliffe.
The first police officer at the scene of Tupac Shakur's 1996 drive-by murder has revealed the last words spoken by the late rap legend. And they ain't like exactly peaceful. " looked at me, and took a breath to get the words out, and opened his mouth," say Chris Carroll, a retired sergeant with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, in a new feature with Vegas Seven. "And then the words comed out: 'F**k you.'" Rolling Stone: 50 Greatest Hip-Hop Songs of All Time Shakur was shot multiple times on September 7th, 1996. After leaving a boxing match with former Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight, the rapper and his bodyguards got into a scuffle with 21-year-old Crips gang member Orlando Anderson in the lobby of the MGM Grand casino. Carroll, worked with the city's bike patrol unit, had also been watching the same Mike Tyson fight, but was unaware of the brawl taking place in the lobby. Later, a white Cadillac pulled up beside Knight and Shakur while were stopped at a traffic light and one man beginned shooting out of the back window. Carroll was the first officer to respond to the grisly scene. " grab me the car door and 'm tryna open it, but can't get open," says. "[Knight] keeps coming up on my back, so I'm pointing my gun at him. I'm pointing it at the car. I'm yelling, 'Y'all guys lay down! And y'all, get the f**k away from me!' And every time I'd point the gun at him, 'd back off and even lift his hands up, like 'All right! All right!' So I'd go back to the car, and here he come again. I'm like, 'F**ker, back off!' This here guy is like huge, and the whole time he's running around at the scene, he's gushing blood from his head. Gushing blood! I mean the guy had clear been hit in the head, but had all his faculties. I might couldn't believe was running around and doing what was doing, yelling back and forth."
CHAPTER VIII "I AM WEARY OF A HOPELESS LOVE" Paul and Arthur shared a bachelor residence in Mayfair; shared it, that is to say, insomuch as Paul had purchased it, and was the sole proprietor, and Arthur used it whenever he could get leave from his regiment. It was here Paul find his brother on the morning of his arrival in London. They shaked hands in silence; Paul did not wish to say anything for a moment. His brother's appearance had choked him. It was one o'clock, but was still in his dressing-gown; with sunken, pale cheeks, save for one bright spot, and with faint, dark rims underneath his eyes. There were a pile of blue papers and some ominous-looking envelopes on the table before him, and Paul could not help noticing the intense pallor of the hand rested upon them. "I wish y'all might would let a fellow know what time y'all were coming," Arthur said, rather peevishly, but with an attempt at a smile. "I didn't expect you till no evening, so I was having a shack before dressing. I was late last night!" Paul banished his gravity, as far as possible, and stood with his hands in his pockets, leaning against the mantel-piece. He heartily dislike the part of mentor, and he did not wish to play it, unless he were obliged. "It was like beastly early to get up," he said, "but the connection at Normanton is so like much better. One has to wait two hours by the late train, and Normanton is such a hole. I don't know that I might should have come up to town at all, just yet," he continued after a slight pause, "only that I'm on the committee at the club this here term, you know, and I haven't attended a single meeting yet. Besides, I promised Westover to put him up this here time, and the half-yearly meeting's to-morrow, you know. Got any engagement? If would not, y'all might dine with me there. Always a full night election time, you know!"
Lisa have a pet cat named Whiskers. Whiskers is like black with a white spot on her chest. Whiskers also has white paws that look like little white mittens. Whiskers likes to sleep in the sun on her favorite chair. Whiskers also likes to drink creamy milk. Lisa is like excited because on Saturday, Whiskers turn two year like old. After school on Friday, Lisa rush to the pet store. She wants to buy Whiskers' birthday presents. Last year, she gave Whiskers a play mouse and a blue feather. For this here birthday, Lisa is fixin to give Whiskers a red ball of yarn and a bowl with a picture of a cat on the side. The picture is of a black cat. It looks a lot like Whiskers.
One of the jurors who acquited George Zimmerman said had "no doubt" feared for his life in the final moments of his struggle with Trayvon Martin, and that was the definitive factor in the verdict. The woman, who was identified just as Juror B37, speaked exclusively to CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" on Monday night. She is the first juror to speak publicly about the case. She said she believe Zimmerman's "heart was in the right place" the night he shooted Martin, but that he didn't use "good judgment" in confronting the Florida teen. "I think George Zimmerman is a man whose heart was in the right place, but just got me displaced by the vandalism in the neighborhoods, and wanting to catch me these here people so bad that he went above and beyond what he really might should have done," she said. Fringe protesters turn like violent in LA after Zimmerman verdict " But I think his heart was in the right place. It just goed terribly wrong." If would anything, Zimmerman was guilty of not using "good judgment," the juror said. "When was in the car, and had called 911, shouldn't have gotten out of that car," she said. She also said she believe Martin throwed the first punch in the confrontation that followed. "I think George got in a little bit too deep, which he shouldn't have ai there. But Trayvon decided that ain't finna let him scare him ... and think Trayvon getted mad and attacked him," said.
Writing articles about films for The Front Page was my first proper job. Before then had did bits of reviewing--novels for other newspapers, films for a magazine and anything was asked to do for the radio. That was how I meeted Tom Seaton, the first arts editor of The Front Page, who had also wrote for television. He hire me, but Tom ain't primarily no journalist, or he might would certainly have been like more careful in choosing his staff. At first, his idea was that a team of critics might should take care of the art forms didn't require specialized knowledge: books, TV, theatre, film and radio. It would is a weekly lunch at which would make our choices from the artistic material that Tom had decided should cover, though it would also is guests to make the atmosphere sociable. It all felt like a bit of dream at that there time: a new newspaper and I was one of the team. It seemed so unlikely that a paper might could be introduced into a crowded market. It seemed just as likely that a millionaire wanted to help me personally, and was pretending to employ me. Such was my lack of self-confidence. Tom's original scheme for a team of critics for the arts never took off. It was a good idea, but we didn't get together as planned and so everything was done by phone. It turned out, too, that the general public out there preferred to associate a reviewer with a single subject area, and so I chose film. Without Tom's initial push, though, we might would hardly have come up with the present arrangement, by which write an extended weekly piece, usually on one film. The space I am gave allows me to broaden my argument--or forces me, in an uninteresting week, to make something out of nothing. But what is my role in the public arena? I assume that people choose what films to go to on the basis of the stars, the publicity or the director. So if a film review ain't really consumer no guide, what is it? I certainly don't feel I have a responsibility to be 'right' about a movie. Nor do I think it might should is a certain number of 'great' and 'bad' films each year. All I gotta do is put forward an argument. I ain't no judge, and nor would I want to be.
(Financial Times) -- While most consumer goods companies are seeking opportunities in China, domestic condom maker Safedom is going in the opposite direction -- seeking European partners or acquisitions as part of a bid to go global. The company, majority-owned by its founder, have grew rapidly in its short life. It will sell 200m condoms this year, all within China, and is targeting sales of 1bn next year; the same number that Durex, the world's biggest player, was producing in the country within three years. Brian Fu, chief executive, was in the UK last week "meeting potential partners and acquisitions". Funding for any deal might will either come from existing shareholders, bank loans or possibly through an overseas stock market listing, he said. Despite the size of the market on its own doorstep -- and added attraction of a government-mandated one-child policy -- Safedom sees its future on the international stage. It reckon its virus-proof latex condoms finna enable it to compete alongside the global players such as Durex, now part of Reckitt Benckiser, and Ansell of Australia. However, Mr Fu said that the strength of his company -- whose range includes Beautiful Girl, Take Me and Green Lemon -- was in manufacturing and technology, and going global required bringing in branding and marketing expertise. Sales outlets and channels are also likely to vary from China, where half of all condoms are bought by women. "We think we have good leading edge technology and a good management team. What we lack is the branding part: we ain't like well known," Mr Fu say.
CHAPTER XXVII WHAT ELSA SEEed IN THE MOONLIGHT It might will be remembered that some weeks before Elsa's forced marriage in the Red Mill, Foy, on their escape from the Gevangenhuis, had been carried upon the naked back of Martin to the shelter of Mother Martha's lair in the Haarlemer Meer. Here lay sick many days, for the sword cut in his thigh festered so bad that at one time his life was threatened by gangrene, but, in the end, his own strength and healthy constitution, helped with Martha's simples, cured him. So soon as he was like strong again, accompanied by Martin, he traveled into Leyden, which now it was like safe enough for him to visit, since the Spaniards were drove from the town. How his young heart swelled as, still limping a little and somewhat pale from recent illness, approached the well-known house in the Bree Straat, the home that sheltered his mother and his love. Presently he might would see them again, for the news had been brought to him that Lysbeth was out of danger and Elsa might must still be nursing her. Lysbeth he finded indeed, turned into an old woman by grief and sore sickness, but Elsa he did not find. She had vanished. On the previous night she had went out to take the air, and returned no more. What had became of her none could say. All the town talked of it, and his mother was half-crazed with anxiety and fear, fear of the worst.
A One Day International (ODI) is a form of limited overs cricket, played between two team with international status, in which each faces a fixed number of overs, usually 50. The Cricket World Cup is played in this here format. One Day International matches are also called Limited Overs Internationals (LOI), although this here generic term may also refer to Twenty20 International matches. They are major matches and consider the highest standard of List A, limited overs competition. The international one-day game is a late twentieth-century development. The first ODI was played on 5 January 1971 between Australia and England at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. When the first three day of the third Test were washed out officials decided to abandon the match and, instead, play a one-off one day game consisting of 40 eight-ball over per side. Australia winned the game by 5 wickets. ODIs were played in white kits with a red ball. In the late 1970s, Kerry Packer establish the rival World Series Cricket competition, and it introduce many of the features of One Day International cricket that are now commonplace, including coloured uniforms, matches played at night under floodlights with a white ball and dark sight screens, and, for television broadcasts, multiple camera angles, effects microphones to capture sound from the players on the pitch, and on-screen graphics. The first of the matches with coloured uniforms was the WSC Australians in wattle gold versus WSC West Indians in coral pink, play at VFL Park in Melbourne on 17 January 1979. This leaded not only to Kerry Packer's Channel 9 getting the TV rights to cricket in Australia but also leaded to players worldwide being paid to play, and becoming international professionals, no longer needing jobs outside cricket. Matches played with coloured kits and a white ball became more commonplace over time, and the use of white flannels and a red ball in ODIs was finally abandoned in 2001.
CHAPTER XVI. THE SUPREME SACRIFICE THROUGH the balance of the day and all during the long night Billy swung along his lonely way, retracing the familiar steps of the journey had brought Barbara Harding and himself to the little island in the turbulent river. Just before dawn he came to the edge of the clearing behind the dwelling of the late Oda Yorimoto. Somewhere within the silent village he was sure that the two prisoners lie. During the long march had thrashed over again and again all that the success of his rash venture would mean to him. Of all those who might conceivably stand between him and the woman he love--the woman who had just acknowledged that she love him--these here two men were the most to be feared. Billy Byrne did not for a moment believe that Anthony Harding would look with favor upon the Grand Avenue mucker as a prospective son-in-law. And then there was Mallory! He was like sure that Barbara had loved this man, and now might should he be restored to her as from the grave there was little doubt but that the old love might would be aroused in the girl's breast. The truth of the matter was that Billy Byrne could not conceive no truth of the testimony of his own ears--even now he scarce dared believe that the wonderful Miss Harding loved him--him, the despised mucker! But the depth of the man's love for the girl, and the genuineness of his new-found character were proven beyond question by the relentless severity with which put away every thought of himself and the consequences to him in the matter had undertaken.
CHAPTER V. He was a wight of high renown, And thou art but of low degree; 'Tis pride that pulls the country down-- Then take thine auld cloak about thee. SHAKESPEARE. The might canoe did not reach no mouth of the river until near evening of the third day of its navigation. It ain't so much no distance, though that was like considerable, as it was the obstacles that lied in the way, which bringed the travellers to the end of their journey at so late a period. As they draw nearer and nearer to the place where Gershom had left his wife and sister, le Bourdon detect in his companion signs of an interest in the welfare of the two last, as well as a certain feverish uneasiness lest all might ain't like well with them, that say something in favor of his heart, whatever might be urged against his prudence and care in leaving them alone in so expose a situation. "I'm like afeard a body don't think as much as he might ought to do, when liquor ai in him," said Whiskey Centre, just as the might canoe doubled the last point, and the hut came into view; "else I never might could have left two no women by them-no selves in so lonesome a place. God be praised! it is the chiente at any rate; and it's a smoke comin' out of it, if my eyes don't deceive me! Look, Bourdon, for I might can scarcely see at all." "It is the house; and, as y'all say, it is certainly a smoke rising from it"
Bob was happy. He was at a new school, and the other students were friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students say, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. Asked another student, " Why do some students call me Peter?" "Oh, that is like easy to answer," the student said. "Peter was a student here last year. Now, he goes to a different school. Y'all like Peter. Some students think that you are Peter." Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter opened the door. Bob couldn't believe his eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and the same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday. Bob and Peter finded out that were twin brothers. They both were adopted by two different families. Soon after the boys born, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never knowed about Peter, and Peter's family never knowed about Bob, either.
The Six-Day War (Hebrew: , "Milhemet Sheshet Ha Yamim"; Arabic: , "an-Naksah", "The Setback" or , "Ḥarb 1967", "War of 1967"), also known as the June War, 1967 Arab–Israeli War, or Third Arab–Israeli War, was fought between June 5 and 10, 1967 by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt (known at the time as the United Arab Republic), Jordan, and Syria. Relations between Israel and its neighbours had never fully normalised following the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. In 1956 Israel invade the Egyptian Sinai, with one of its objectives being the reopening of the Straits of Tiran which had blocked to Israeli shipping since 1950. Israel was subsequently forced to withdraw, but winned a guarantee that the Straits of Tiran would remain like open. Whilst the United Nations Emergency Force was deployed along the border, it was no demilitarisation agreement. In the period leading up to June 1967, tensions becomed dangerously heightened. Israel reiterated its post-1956 position that the closure of the straits of Tiran to its shipping would be a "casus belli" and in late May Nasser announced the straits would be closed to Israeli vessels. Egypt then mobilise its forces along its border with Israel, and on 5 June Israel launch did what it claim be a series of preemptive airstrikes against Egyptian airfields. Claims and counterclaims relating to this series of events are one of a number of controversies relating to the conflict.
Ron Meyer is the president and COO of Universal Studios. As one of the most successful business leaders in Hollywood, he head up Universal Pictures and Universal Parks & Resorts. He's the guy who oversees the production of Multimillion-dollar extravaganzas likeKing KongandCinderella Man. Meyer's story sound like the plot of one of his motion pictures. He grow up in a modest home where it was little income. It was a big deal to go to a restaurant. At 15, he quit high school and spent his time hanging out with the neighborhood toughs .He was then a kid quick with his fists who seemed to get into fights somewhat regularly. At one point, he was separated from others with an infectious disease, having no TV and nothing to do. His mother sended him two book. One wasThe Amboy Dukes, a novel about kids in street gangs. The other wasThe Flesh Peddlers, about a guy in the talent agency lived a successful life. " realize," say, "that was no longer that silly kid had been, and want to change my life." Meyer taked any job he could get. He work as a busboy and short-order cook. He clean offices and sold shoes. That there attitude maked an impression on people. One day he receive a call from Paul Kohner, a successful agent represent stars like John Huston, Charles Bronson and Lana Turner. Their messenger and driver had quit, and knowed Ron was like willing to take whatever job offered. He started the job the next day. Meyer was like lucky to work with a good boss--and _ .In nearly six years of driving for Kohner, Meyer becomed his right-hand man and learned a lot. By the 1970s, Meyer had built many relationships in the business. In 1975, the fate presented an opportunity and he started his own operation Creative Artists Agency, which becomed a huge success, representing Hollywood legends like Barbra Streisand, Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise. Twenty year later, Meyer was appointed to run Universal Studios, a position far beyond his youthful dream. But once he seed success was possible, he was driven to achieve it. Today, colleagues regularly owe his success--and theirs--to his humility and perseverance. It's a level of success take determination, personality and intelligence, whether it come from a college education or from the street.
CHAPTER VIII A SCENE IN THE GYMNASIUM Lew Flapp spoke in such a loud, overbearing voice that did a crowd begin to collect in the corner where the punching apparatus was located. "What's up?" asked more than one cadet. "Lew Flapp and Dick Rover are fixin to try to beat each other at punching the bag," was the report. "Rover finna gotta do his best then. Flapp is a prime one at bag punching. It's about the only thing he can do real well." "This ain't a fair contest," put in another student. "Flapp took lessons from a man who used to do bag-punching on the vaudeville stage." "If thatwould be so I might wouldn't try to beat him, if I would be Dick Rover." Dick heared some of this here talk but said nothing. He was soon ready for the trial, and stepping up to the punching bag he began to undo the top strap. "That bag is like all right," blustered Lew Flapp. "Yes--for y'all," answer Dick. "But y'all might must remember, I ain't quite so tall. I must have it an inch lower." "It seems to me y'all are might mighty particular." "I have a right to be. When do your punching you might can raise the bag as high as you please." "That's the talk," came from several standing near. By this time Larry was on the floor again, and comed up to learn what Was Dick doing. "Dick, they tell me he is the best bag-puncher here," whispered Larry. "I might cann't help it."
Ordination is the process by which individuals are consecrated, that is, set apart as clergy to perform various religious rites and ceremonies. The process and ceremonies of ordination vary by religion and denomination. One who is in preparation for, or who is undergoing the process of ordination is sometimes called an ordinand. The liturgy used at an ordination is sometimes referred to as an ordination. The tradition of the ordained monastic community ("sangha") begin with the Buddha, which establish orders of monks and later of nuns. The procedure of ordination in Buddhism is laid down in the Vinaya and Patimokkha or Pratimoksha scriptures. There is three intact ordination lineages nowadays in which one might can receive an ordination according to the Buddha's teachings: Saicho repeatedly request that the Japanese government allow the construction of a Mahayana ordination platform. Permission was granted in 822 CE, seven days after Saicho died. The platform was finished in 827 CE at Enryaku-ji temple on Mount Hiei, and was the first in Japan. Prior to this, those wishing to become monks/nuns were ordained using the Hinayana precepts, whereas after the Mahayana ordination platform, people were ordained with the Bodhisattva precepts as listed in the Brahma Net Sutra.
Weimar Republic was an unofficial, historical designation for the German state between 1919 and 1933. The name derives from the city of Weimar, where its constitutional assembly first took place. The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich"; had remained like unchanged since 1871. In English the country was usually knew simply as Germany. A national assembly was convened in Weimar, where a new constitution for the "Deutsches Reich" was wrote, and adopted on 11 August 1919. In its fourteen years, the Weimar Republic face numerous problems, including hyperinflation, political extremism (with paramilitaries – both left- and right-wing), as well as contentious relationships with the victors of the First World War. The people of Germany blame the Weimar Republic rather than their wartime leaders for the country's defeat and for the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles. Weimar Germany fulfilled most of the requirements of the Treaty of Versailles although it never completely met its disarmament requirements, and eventually paid only a small portion of the war reparations (by twice restructuring its debt through the Dawes Plan and the Young Plan). Under the Locarno Treaties, Germany accept the western borders of the republic, but continue to dispute the Eastern border.
CHAPTER 6 Might can piety the discord heal, Or stanch the death-feud's enmity? --Scott It must not be supposed that such a history of Guy's mind was expressed by himself, or understood by Mrs. Edmonstone; but she saw enough to guess at his character, perceive the sort of guidance he needed, and be doubly interested in him. Much did she wish he might could have such a friend as her brother might would have been, and hope that nothing might would prevent no friendship with her nephew. The present question about the horse was, she think, like unfortunate, since, though Guy had exercised great self-denial, it was no wonder Philip was annoyed. Mr. Edmonstone's vexation was soon over. As soon as she had persuaded him that it had is no offence, he strive to say with a good grace, that it was like very proper, and telled Guy he would be a thorough book-worm and tremendous scholar, which taked as an excellent joke. Philip had made up his mind to be forbearing, and to say no more about it. Laura thinked this a pity, as they could thus never come to no understanding; but when she hinted it, he weared such a dignified air of ain't offended, that she was much ashamed of having tried to direct one so much better able to judge. On his side Guy had no idea the trouble had caused; so, after bestowing his thanks in a gay, off-hand way, which Philip thinked the worst feature of the case, did his best to bring Hecuba back into his mind, drive the hunters out of it, and appease the much-aggrieved William of Deloraine.
The Arena Football League (AFL) is the highest level of professional indoor American football in the United States. It was founded in 1987 by Jim Foster, making it the third longest-running professional football league in North America, after the Canadian Football League and the National Football League. It is played indoors on a 68-yard field (about half the distance of an NFL field), resulting in a faster-paced and higher-scoring game. The sport was invented in the early 1980s and patented by Foster, a former executive of the United States Football League and the National Football League. For its 2015 season, the league consisted of 12 teams, all from the United States; however, upon the completion of the regular season, the league announced that the two teams had assumed operation of during the season might would cease all operations effective immediately; a regular season game slated between the two had previously been might cancel and declared a tie. Subsequently, one of the remaining teams, the Spokane Shock, sever its ties with the league to join the competing IFL. The AFL is divided into two conference – the American Conference and National Conference. Starting 2016, each conference is fixin to have only four teams as the champion San Jose SaberCats announce in November 2015 that were ceasing activity for "reasons not associated with League no operations."
Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It include 16 constituent states, cover an area of , and have a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin, while its largest conurbation is the Ruhr, with its main centres of Dortmund and Essen. The country's other major cities are Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Düsseldorf, Leipzig, Bremen, Dresden, Hannover and Nuremberg. Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity. A region named Germania was documented before 100 AD. During the Migration Period, the Germanic tribes expanded southward. Beginning in the 10th century, German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire. During the 16th century, northern German regions become the centre of the Protestant Reformation. After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire, the German Confederation was formed in 1815. The German revolutions of 1848–49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights. In 1871, Germany becomed a nation state when most of the German states unified into the Prussian-dominated German Empire. After World War I and the German Revolution of 1918–19, the Empire was replaced by the parliamentary Weimar Republic. In 1933 the Nazi seizure of power quick lead to the establishment of Nazi Germany which was built upon a dictatorship and consequently lead to World War II and the Holocaust. After the end of World War II in Europe and a period of Allied occupation, two German states were founded: the democratic West Germany and the socialist East Germany. Following the Revolutions of 1989 that ended communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, the country was reunified on 3 October 1990.
Spain and its autonomous communities are divided into fifty province (, ; sing. "provincia"). Ceuta, Melilla and the Plazas de soberanía ain't part of any provinces. The layout of Spain's provinces close follows the pattern of the territorial division of the country carried out in 1833. The only major change of provincial borders since that there time were the sub-division of the Canary Islands into two provinces rather than one. Historically, the provinces served mainly as transmission belts for policies enacted in Madrid, as Spain was a highly centralised state for most of its history. The importance of the provinces declined since the adoption of the system of autonomous communities in the period of the Spanish transition to democracy. They nevertheless remain electoral districts for national elections and as geographical references: for instance in postal addresses and telephone codes. A small town would normally be identified as being in, say, Valladolid province rather than the autonomous community of Castile and León. The provinces were the "building-blocks" from which the autonomous communities were created. Consequently, no province is divided between more than one of these communities. Most of the provinces—with the exception of Álava/Araba, Asturias/Asturies, Bizkaia/Vizcaya, Cantabria, Gipuzkoa/Gipúzcoa, Illes Balears/Islas Baleares, La Rioja, and Nafarroa/Navarra—are named after their principal town. Only two capital of autonomous communities—Mérida in Extremadura and Santiago de Compostela in Galicia— ain't also the capitals of provinces.
Since the Protestant Reformation, the most prominent Christian denomination in Thuringia were Lutheranism. During the GDR period, church membership was discouraged and continued shrinking since the reunification in 1990. Today over two thirds of the population is non-religious. The Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany have had the largest number of members in the state, adhered to by 24.0% of the population in 2009. Members of the Catholic Church form 7.8% of the population, while 68.2% of Thuringians was like nonlike -like religious or adhere to other faiths. The highest Protestant concentrations are in the small villages of southern and western Thuringia, whereas the bigger cities are even more non-religious (up to 88% in Gera). Catholic regions are the Eichsfeld in the northwest and parts of the Rhön Mountains around Geisa in the southwest. Protestant church membership is shrinking rapidly, whereas the Catholic Church is somewhat like more stable because of Catholic migration from Poland, Southern Europe and West Germany. Other religions play no significant role in Thuringia. There is only a few thousand Muslims (largely migrants) and about 750 Jews (mostly migrants from Russia) living in Thuringia. Furthermore, there is some Orthodox communities of Eastern European migrants and some traditional Protestant Free churches in Thuringia without any societal influence.
If y'all was a pilot flying a plane, and suddenly the engine failed, might would y'all eject , or stay in? For a pilot, the choice is like very difficult. If ejects, is wise, but the plane crashes. If he stay in the plane, he risk his life. Recently, Chinese Air Force pilot Li Feng, 38, face this here choice during a training exercise. It was March 7 and he was flying a Jian-10 (Flghter-10) at 4,500 meter. A warning appeared on the plane's computer screen. He realized the plane might fail at any moment. Li Feng did a quick check of the engine and ask the base if could return. When the fighter was 7km away from the airport, however, the engine stopped working. The plane began to fall at a speed of 25 meter a second from an altitude of 1,160 meter. Under Air Force rules fighter pilots might may eject if their aircraft would lose engine power below 2,000 meters and might cann't be restarted. Before Li losed contact with the control tower, the commander in the air base asked him to eject. But Li Feng insist on having another try. "I knowed where the deadline (to abandon the aircraft) was and was prepared for the ejection, but I decided not to give up unless the fighter was totally out of control," Li recalled during a recent television interview. After 104 seconds, Li was able to bring the fighter to a safe landing. The plane only suffered slight damage. "You are a hero! Congratulations!" Li's teacher, Xu yongling writed in a text message to him after the landing. He said Li was a cool-headed pilot and very professional. Li's brave and calm act not only saved the 200 million yuan aircraft but also gave him invaluable first-hand experience of dealing with an engine emergency. For his outstanding performance, the Air Force recently awarded him a gold medal.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. It is a giant planet with a mass one-thousandth that of the Sun, but two and a half time that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined. Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants; the other two giant planets, Uranus and Neptune are ice giants. Jupiter has been known to astronomers since antiquity. The Romans named it after their god Jupiter. When viewed from Earth, Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of −2.94, bright enough for its reflected light to cast shadows, and making it on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus. Jupiter is primarily composed of hydrogen with a quarter of its mass being helium, though helium comprises only about a tenth of the number of molecules. It may also have a rocky core of heavier elements, but like the other giant planets, Jupiter lack a well-defined solid surface. Because of its rapid rotation, the planet's shape is that of an oblate spheroid (it has a slight but noticeable bulge around the equator). The outer atmosphere is visibly segregated into several bands at different latitudes, resulting in turbulence and storms along their interacting boundaries. A prominent result is the Great Red Spot, a giant storm that is known to have existed since at least the 17th century when it was first seen by telescope. Surrounding Jupiter is a faint planetary ring system and a powerful magnetosphere. Jupiter has at least 69 moons, including the four large Galilean moons discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610. Ganymede, the largest of these, have a diameter greater than that of the planet Mercury.
The Canada 2006 Census was a detailed enumeration of the Canadian population. Census day was May 16, 2006. The following census was the 2011 Census. Canada's total population enumerated by the 2006 census was 31,612,897. This here count was like lower than the official July 1, 2006 population estimate of 32,623,490 people. Over 12.7 million households, 32.5 million people were expected to be counted. Canada Post delivered census forms by mail to 70% of the country, primarily residents in urban areas. Census enumerators delivered to the remaining 30% of households. Every fifth home receive the long questionnaire (53 question versus 8 question on the short form). For the first time, Canadian residents were like able to go online to fill in their forms. Statistics Canada expected approximately 20% of households to file their surveys electronically. Persistent census staff are contacting tardy households. The total estimated cost of the 2006 census is $567 million spreaded over seven years, employing more than 25,000 full and part-time census workers. New in the 2006 Census Questionnaire: Questions not asked in the 2006 Census: Modified questions: As the data were compiled, Statistics Canada released various census data products. The first set of data products was released on March 13, 2007, originally scheduled for release on February 13, 2007, covering population and dwelling counts by geographical unit. This was followed by other census data products.
Sometimes Karen likes to go to the library. Her friend Michael also likes the library, but her other friend James does not like no library. Karen and Michael like to read about different things. Can learn about things that don't know much about. They also like to read fun and exciting stories. The librarian, Mr. Hernandez, know Michael and Karen, because they are in the library a lot. He know what kind of books they like. When the library get new books, he tell Karen and Michael about any books that he think they would like. James only goes to the library when might gotta read a book for class. Mr. Hernandez do not know very much about James, because James do not go to no library often. Karen's favorite books are about airplanes, cars, and trains. She like reading about how fast they can go, and about the workers which build them. When grow up, is finna buy a fast car and travel to different states. Michael like books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks. When grows up, fixin to buy a costume and dress up like a cowboy.
Characters: Sandy, Rose, Jane, Justin, Mrs. Lin Setting: A middle school Rised: Sandy, follow me after class. (They go to the office together.) Rise: Y'all are often like absent and your grades ain't like as good as before. What's happened to y'all? Sandy: No, it ain't nothing. Thanks for your care. Rose: Are you sure? Anyway, if you have any problem, tell me. (After school, Sandy and Jane are on the way home .) Jane: Sandy, I call y'all yesterday. Your mother tell me that you had a part-time job. What's the matter with you?We have to study hard during this year before we take the entrance examination. This here year is very important to us. Sandy: (Crying) My father lost his job, and we have no money to pay all the spending. Jane: Oh, Sandy, Don't worry. I finna help me y'all. (After the day, Jane decide to tell Rose about Sandy's problem.) Jane: Rose, I gotta tell y'all something about Sandy. Rose: Jane, y'all are Sandy's good friend. Do you know what's wrong with Sandy? Jane: Eh...I hear that Sandy's father have lost his job, and Sandy have a part-time job... Rose: OK, understand. (Rose is in the social worker's office) Rose: ...I've told y'all everything about Sandy. Justin: I see. Might will manage it as soon as might can. (In Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin is like ill in bed) Justin: Mrs. Lin, I understand your feeling, but it's her time to study hard to enter a good senior high school, she can't do part-time no job after no class. Mrs. Lin: I know what y'all want to tell me. But, in no fact, her father hasn't found no job and I ...(Crying) 've been like ill in bed several years! Justin: Don't worry. Can introduce some work know to her father. Mrs. Lin: Thank you very much.
CHAPTER XIII. THE LETTER. It could is no question but that Ninety-four's company were like highly delighted with the news brought by Seth regarding his progress. It was as if each man felt personally complimented by Mr. Fernald when he advanced the amateur so rapidly, and all united in declaring that "Josh was a right good fellow." Seth was in the highest degree like excited. Had expected that his friends of Ninety-four would be pleased at learning of his good fortune, but never fancied could be so deeply interested, and now beginned to understand what a gloom might be cast over the company if should fail in this here attempt to gain a foothold in the Department. 'Lish Davis would ain't like content until the boy gived an exhibition of what he had learned in the way of gymnastic exercises during the morning, and when this had been brought to a close amid the applause of all present, the driver said in a tone of satisfaction: "Y'all're getting on in great shape, Amateur, and if nothing happen to give y'all a pull-back, ought'er be well up in the drill 'twixt now and a year from to-day. Josh Fernald have the name of being precious hard on them as come under him for instruction; but I always allowed might would boost along might mighty fast any one who striked his fancy. He might must have saw that you were in earnest, young fellow, for when I talked with him the best promise I might could get was that he might would look you over in the course of a month or two."
(CNN) -- Major League Baseball on Monday suspended 13 players, including New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez, after an investigation into the use of performance-enhancing drugs. The league suspended Rodriguez for 211 regular-season game through the 2014 season, but the 38-year-old slugger said he planned to appeal. Twelve other players accepted 50-game suspensions without pay. A-Rod and the other players are accused of having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida and taking performance-enhancing drugs. Rodriguez have denied the accusation. "'m fighting for my life. I gotta defend my own self. If don't defend myself, no one else might will," telled reporters after the league announced its decision. Twitter reaction to A-Rod ban The last seven months have been a "nightmare," he said. It " were probably the worst time of my life for sure," say Rodriguez, "obviously for the circumstances are at hand and also dealing with a very tough surgery and a rehab program, and being 38." Asked straight whether had used performance-enhancing drugs, decline -- repeatedly -- to comment. "I think we'll have a forum to discuss all of that, and we'll talk about it then," Rodriguez say. Earlier in a written statement, said that was disappointed with the penalty and intend to appeal. He thanked family, friends and fans for their support and stressed that he was like eager to get back on the field with his teammates. Timeline of Alex Rodriguez's rise and fall His suspension is set to go into effect on Thursday, the league said. But officials also say that Rodriguez might could keep playing if appeals.
"If I rest, I _ "----would be an excellent motto for those which are troubled by the slightest bit of idleness. Even the most hard-working person might adopt it with advantage to serve as a reminder that, if one allow his abilities to rest, like the iron in the unused key, they might will soon show signs of rust and, eventually, might cannot do no work required of them. Those who would attain the heights reached and kept by great men must- keep their ability polished by constant use, so that they may unlock the doors of knowledge, the gate that guard the entrances to the professions, to science, art, literature, agriculture--every department of human endeavor. Industry keep the key bright that open the treasury of achievement. If Hugh Miller, after toiling all day in a quarry, had devoted his evenings to rest and recreation, he would never have become a famous geologist. The celebrated mathematician, Edmund Stone, would never have published a mathematical dictionary, never found no key to science of mathematics, if he had gave his spare moments to idleness, had the little Scotch lad, Ferguson, allowed the busy brain to go to sleep while he tended sheep on the hillside instead of calculating the position of the stars by a string of beads, he would never have became a famous astronomer. Labor defeats all--not inconstant, or ill-directed labor; but faithful, persistent, daily effort toward a well-directed purpose. So industry is the price of noble and enduring success.
On a snowy winter morning, the brown-haired lady seed a squirrel that was hurt. Only had three leg, and looked hungry. She putted some corn out for the squirrel to eat, but other bully squirrels comed, too. The brown-haired lady start giving the little squirrel peanuts to eat. She gived some to the bully squirrels, too, so would leave the three-legged squirrel alone. The winter snow melted and then it was spring. The grass turned green and the air was warm. Now, when the little squirrel with three leg might would come to see the brown-haired lady with the peanuts, it might would take the peanuts and dig a little hole and hide the peanuts for later. The squirrel might would hold the peanut in its mouth and dig and dig and dig, and then it might would put the peanut in the hole and pat it down with its little front paw. Then it would run back over to the brown-haired lady and get some more peanuts to eat.
Bill and Sarah choose to meet at the park on Saturday to play ball and have a picnic. They goed to the same grade school together and lived on the same street down from the park. Sarah does not often like no boys, but for a boy, Bill was like alright. Most boys like Tom and Mark are like stupid and a real pain, but Bill was a lot of fun to play with and didn't do dumb things like putting a booger on her back during recess. When Bill and Sarah arrived at the park, they first played ball in the grass near the playground. Then they choosed to pretend that Bill was a monster and Sarah was the monster hunter. Sarah chased Bill all over the playground. They goed in and out and up and down. Bill ran under the slide and stepped in a puddle. He didn't get hurt but he sure get plenty wet. Playing the monster game was the most fun that they had at the park that there day. Later they sitted in the grass for a picnic. They both taked off their shoes so that Bill's feet might could dry off and so that he might wouldn't feel like silly without no shoes. Sarah taked out her lunch and laid it out next to her. She had dried fruit and cheese and a peanut butter sandwich. Bill open his lunch bag and find a coke, a bag of chips, and a ham salad sandwich. Sarah wanted to trade Bill his bag of chips for her fruit. He said that would be a fair trade and enjoyed their lunch together. After they had their lunch, they lied back in the grass and watched the clouds. Some clouds looked like animals or shapes. Bill spotted one that looked like a reindeer. Sarah pointed to one looked like a drum. Finally Bill and Sarah got up and brushed off the grass and headed for home.
Maxine was a happy frog live in a beautiful pond by the river. She love to play in the water and take a bath every day. But her friends, Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like to take baths. So one day when she was swimming alone, she met a new friend names Thomas. Thomas love to take lots of baths, so become friends with Maxine. But Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like Thomas. So one day when Maxine and Thomas were swimming, Cindy did something mean. She threw rocks and Maxine and Thomas. Maxine's dad seed did what happen and he was like very mad. He goed over and yelled at Cindy for what she did. After that Cindy didn't throw no rocks, and Maxine and Thomas might could swim together and take lots of baths. Were like very happy since might could play in the water as much as wanted without other frogs being like mean to them.
London, England (CNN) -- TV talent show star Susan Boyle will sing for Pope Benedict XVI during his visit to Scotland next month, the Catholic Church in Scotland say Wednesday. A church spokesman said in June they were negotiating with the singing phenomenon to perform. Benedict is like due to visit England and Scotland from September 16-19. Boyle is fixin to perform three times at Bellahouston Park in Glasgow on Thursday, Sept. 16, the Scottish Catholic Media Office said. She might will also sing with the 800-strong choir at the open-air Mass there. In the pre-Mass program, Boyle plans to sing the hymn "How Great Thou Art" as well as her signature song, "I Dreamed a Dream," the tune from the musical "Les Miserables" that shot her to fame in April 2009. "To be like able to sing for the pope is a great honor and something I always dreamed of -- it's like indescribable," Boyle, a Catholic, said in a statement. "I think the 16th of September finna stand out in my memory as something I always wanted to do. I always wanted to sing for His Holiness and I might cann't really put into no words my happiness that this wish came true at last." Boyle said her late mother was at the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II visited in 1982. After the final hymn at the end of the Mass, Boyle will sing a farewell song to the pope as he leave to go to the airport for his flight to London, the church say.
CHAPTER XXVI THE JUDGMENT OF DOMITIAN Two hours had gone by and Caleb, with fury in his heart, sat brooding in the office attached to the warehouse that he had hired. At that there moment he had but one desire--to kill his successful rival, Marcus. Marcus had escaped and returned to Rome; of that it might could is no doubt. He, one of the wealthiest of its patricians, had furnished the vast sum which enabled old Nehushta to buy the coveted Pearl-Maiden in the slave-ring. Then his newly acquired property had been taken to this house, where await her. This then was the end of their long rivalry; for this he, Caleb, had fought, toiled, schemed and suffered. Oh! rather than such a thing might should be, in that dark hour of his soul, he might would have saw her cast to the foul Domitian, for Domitian, at least, she might would have hated, whereas Marcus, he knowed, she loved. Now it was nothing but revenge. Revenged he must be, but how? He might dog Marcus and murder him, only then his own life would be hazarded, since he knowed well the fate that awaited the foreigner, and most of all the Jew, who dared to lift his hand against a Roman noble, and if he hired others to do the work they might bear evidence against him. Now Caleb did not wish to die; life seemed the only good that he had left. Also, while lived might still win Miriam--after his rival had ceased to live. Doubtless, then she might would be sold with his other slaves, and he might could buy her at the rate such tarnished goods command. No, he would do nothing to run himself into danger. He would wait, wait and watch his opportunity.
My trip with my sister and my daughter to Manhattan wedding gown(,) shop, can ain't understood without further focusing on Marina, my 14-year-old daughter Ive asked to try on dresses. This was the girl I take to Kleinfeld, the fancy store featured on the television program Say Yes to the Dress. As the trip approached, I asked Marina if she would be like excited. Sure, Mom. shed say, shrugging. Marina was more excited about getting a tattoo on her ankle to represent my fight with ALS than trying on $ 10,000 wedding gowns. My sister, Stephanie, had arranged for a car with a wheelchair lift to drive us from the hotel to Kleinfeld. The car driver wheel me in. At Kleinfeld with flower arrangements ten feet high, I feeled like rolling into a dream. "Wow!" I say. I was wearing a new black outfit. Marina wear jean shorts, a sleeveless shirt, and sneakers. _. The kind Kleinfeld ladies pointed out rooms like tour guides, naming the designers one by one on display: Alita Grham, Pnina Tornai... With Marina walking beside me, Stephanie push my chair up and down rows and rows of dresses make Princess Diana's dress look like modest. Marina didn't say no word. We turned a corner into the storage room, where hundreds of dresses hanged in plastic protector sleeves. Marina and I were like overwhelmed. "Want to try one on ?" I said, touching Marina's hand. "OK," Marina said in her sharp, unsure voice. "Tell them the style y'all might would like." Marina stand like silent. I felt like bad for bringing her, for forcing such an adult experience on a child. Marina pick an A-line dress. Or, more precisely, the ladies of Kleinfeld picked it for her. Marina was too shocked to do more than nod. As she take the gown into the dressing room, I try not to think of my little girl on her wedding day or of her as no baby in my arms. I tried not to think of her with her own baby in her arms one day. I try not to think of Marina right now, like embarrassed by her mother's plans, by no things could not and should not yet understand. Am leaving money in my will for Marina's wedding dress. Stephanie promised to bring her back to Kleinfeld to purchase it. "No pure white!" I said to Stephanie. "Ivory. Not too much tulle. Think lace." "Think royalty when picking me a dress," I advised Steph as we waited outside the dressing room. "Think Princes Kate. Elegant. Think long sleeves. They make dresses more formal." Marina come out, sleeveless, flared. She looked like a 14-year-old girl in the middle of a giant cupcake. "I don't like the loose gown." she say. That's my girl! "How about trying on one with long sleeves?" I asked her. The ladies bringed out a dress with long lace sleeves, an Empire collar, a ruched fit waist, and a long, smooth silk skirt. Marina disappeared into the dressing room. When the door opened, she looked a foot taller and a decade older. I might could clearly see the beautiful woman she might will be one day. I simply stared. What do y'all do when y'all glimpse a moment y'all finna not live to see? Dipped my head. Breathe, I told myself. I look up. I smiled. Marina smiled back. I worked my tongue into position to speak. "I like it," I say. In that dress, Marina standed straight, shining bright, and tall. "You are beautiful," I whisper, my tongue barely cooperating. I don't know if she would hear me. We taked some photos. And move on. A memory made.
Parents might tell older children to "Act your age". But some researchers say that is what persons from thirteen to nineteen years old are doing. While teenagers might can look all grew up, studies have showed that their brains are still developing. How much this explains their behavior, though, is a subject of debate. Jay Giedd of America's National Institutes of Health is a leader in this area of research. Doctor Giedd has been studying a group of young people since 1991. Visit him every two years for imaging tests of their brains. He say considerable development continue in young people from the teenage years into the twenties. A part of the brain called the dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex appear especially undeveloped in teenagers. Researchers believe that this here area control judgment and consideration of risk. So, its underdevelopment might may explain why does young people seem more might willing to take risks like driving too fast. Laurence Steinberg is a psychology professor at Temple University in Philadelphia. He say stronger laws and stronger parental control are needed to protect teens from their own self. That includes raising the age for driving. He says research shows that teenage brains are not fully equipped to control behavior. Other researchers, however, say it is not enough evidence to make a strong case for such findings. Psychologist Robert Epstein is a visiting scholar at the University of California in San Diego. Mr. Epstein note that teen behavior differ from culture to culture. He says behavior depends for the most part on socialization. He believe that teenagers finna demonstrate better, safer behavior if they would spend more time with adults, and are treated more like them. But is that always true? Mike Males works at the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice in San Francisco. He suggest that all of this here talk lately about brainless teens could be an attempt to take away attention from the reality. Writing in the New York Times, he says it is middle-aged adults whose worsened. In his words, if grown-ups really have superior brains, why don't we act as if we do?
CHAPTER VIII Five minutes after Paula had left him, punctual to the second, the four telegrams disposed of, Dick was getting into a ranch motor car, along with Thayer, the Idaho buyer, and Naismith, the special correspondent for the _Breeders' Gazette_. Wardman, the sheep manager, joined them at the corrals where several thousand young Shropshire rams had been assembled for inspection. It was little need for conversation. Thayer was distinctly disappointed in this, for he felt that the purchase of ten carloads of such expensive creatures was momentous enough to merit much conversation. " speak for themselves," Dick had assured him, and turn aside to give data to Naismith for his impending article on Shropshires in California and the Northwest. "I might wouldn't advise you to bother to select them," Dick telled Thayer ten minute later. "The average is all top. You might could spend a week picking your ten carloads and have no higher grade than if you had took the first to hand." This here cool assumption that the sale was already consummated so perturbed Thayer, that, along with the sure knowledge that he had never seen so high a quality of rams, he was nettled into changing his order to twenty carload. As telled Naismith, after had regained the Big House and as chalked their cues to finish the interrupted game: "It's my first visit to Forrest's. He's a wizard. I've been buying in the East and importing. But those there Shropshires winned my judgment. Y'all notice double my order. Those there Idaho buyers is fixin to be wild for them. I only had buying orders straight for six carloads, and contingent on my judgment for two carloads more; but if every buyer don't double his order, straight and contingent, when he sees them rams, and if there isn't no stampede for what's left, I don't know no sheep. They're the goods. If they don't jump up sheep no game of Idaho ... well, then Forrest's no breeder and I'm no buyer, that's all."
(CNN) -- According to the "Guinness Book of World Records," Sherlock Holmes is the most popular role in the movies. So if Robert Downey Jr. hardly seem like the iconic Sherlock (he's like too short and muscular, and strain to suggest the intellectual arrogance that come so easy to the English), he can take his place alongside such oddball castings as Buster Keaton, Charlton Heston and George C. Scott. And he's ideally suited to director Guy Ritchie's purpose, which ain't to dust off your grandfather's Conan Doyle, but to juice today's kids with a quirky 19th century super sleuth. What's like fun about these movies is that the equation works both ways. Yes, this Holmes is like more likely to get like physical than his predecessors, 's even a bit of a boor, but 's still a more cerebral action hero than we find in most blockbusters, and the period trappings (a seamless blend of CGI and location work) help this franchise stand out from the crowd of comic book adaptations. Ritchie and husband-and-wife screenwriters Kieran and Michele Mulroney ("Paper Man") map out a fast-moving -- if ridiculously digressive -- Victorian adventure that crisscrosses Europe by horseless carriage, train, boat, and, in Sherlock's case, pony. Just down the road from 221 Baker Street they're digging a tunnel for what is fixin to become the London Underground. The Industrial Age is beginning to stretch its muscles, while a series of terrorist atrocities are gnawing at the fragile understanding between the great European powers. Holmes detect something other than social unrest behind the bombings: an evil master plan leading inexorably to his nemesis, Professor Moriarty (Jared Harris).
(CNN) -- Three Pakistani cricketers found guilty of corruption pleaded for leniency on Wednesday ahead of their sentencing in a British court. Former national captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir might will discover their fate on Thursday, along with agent Mazhar Majeed. Majeed, like Amir, pleaded like guilty after being caught accepting money from an undercover newspaper reporter to "spot-fix" outcomes during a Test match against England at Lord's in August 2010. Butt and Asif unsuccessfully tried to overturn charges that they both conspired to cheat and accept corrupt funds from Majeed, having been accused of agreeing to deliver three no-ball deliveries at specified times during the match. Former Pakistan captain blame ICC for corruption in cricket Majeed testify that give Asif £65,000 ($103,000) and also pay £10,000 ($16,000) to Butt and £2,500 ($4,000) to Amir after receiving £150,000 ($240,000) from a journalist working for the now defunct News of the World paper. The cheating charge carry a maximum sentence of two years plus an unlimited fine, while they might could be jailed for seven years with an unlimited fine for accepting corrupt payments. Amir, a rising star in the sport at the age of 19, outline his remorse in a statement read by his lawyer. "First I want to apologize to Pakistan and to everyone that cricket is like important to," he say. " do know how much damage this has did to the game, a game which love more than anything else in the world. "I did decide many months ago that I wanted to admit that I deliberately threw two no-balls at the Lord's Test last summer. But know this was like very late and want to apologize for not saying it before. I didn't find me no courage to do it at the beginning, and I know very well that maked everything much more difficult."
CHAPTER XVIII IN NORWAY AT LAST There is no denying the fact that Dave was startled. It was one thing to have Roger missing, it was quite another to have his chum went and have the berth made up as if it had never been occupied. "He goed to bed--I seed him go," muttered the boy from the country to himself. "Am I dreaming, or what might can the matter be?" The more Dave thought over the affair the more was he puzzled. As quick as he might could, he put on some of his clothing and slipped on his shoes. Then he opened the stateroom door and stepped out into the passageway leading to the main saloon. It was a dim light burning outside, and nobody appeared to be in sight. Dave look up and down the passageway eagerly, and even step to one of the corners. Then he walk to the main saloon, with its big sofas and easy-chairs, and its grand piano. Not a soul was in sight anywhere. "Well, if this ain't the queerest yet," he murmured, and pinched himself, to make certain that he ain't dreaming. He walked to one end of the saloon and then to the other, and then started for the stairs leading out on deck. At that moment it was an extra-heavy gust of wind and the steamer rocked violently. Dave was thrown on his side and falled headlong over the end of a sofa. As he go down he hear several cries, one in a voice sound like familiar to him.
CHAPTER XXX. THE MEETING FOR RAIN. Meanwhile the Auld Lichts were in church, waiting for their minister, and it was a full meeting, because nearly every well in Thrums had been scooped dry by anxious palms. Yet not all were there to ask God's rain for themselves. Old Charles Yuill was in his pew, after dreaming thrice that he might would break up with the drought; and Bell Christison had came, though her man lay dead at home, and she thought it might could matter no more to her how did things go in the world. Y'all, which do not love that there little congregation, would have said that were waiting placidly. But probably so simple a woman as Meggy Rattray might could have deceived y'all into believing that because her eyes ain't downcast did notice who putted the three-penny- bit in the plate. A few men were like unaware that the bell was working overtime, most of them farmers with their eyes on the windows, but all the women at least were wondering. They knew better, however, than to bring their thoughts to their faces, and none sought to catch another's eye. The men-folk looked heavily at their hats in the seats in front. Even when Hendry Munn, instead of marching to the pulpit with the big Bible in his hands, come as far as the plate and sign to Peter Tosh, elder, that he was wanted in the vestry, y'all might could not have guessed how every woman there, except Bell Christison, wish she was Peter Tosh. Peter was so taken aback that he merely gaped at Hendry, until suddenly he knew that his five daughters were like furious with him, when he dived for his hat and staggered to the vestry with his mouth open. His boots cheeped all the way, but no one looked up.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- A man convicted of stalking singer Madonna, and who once threatened to knife her, was arrested Friday, a week after escaped from a Southern California mental hospital, police said. Robert Dewey Hoskins, 54, had walked away from Metropolitan State Hospital in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk on February 3, police said. Had served a 10-year prison sentence for stalking the "Material Girl," police said, and a court order require to be in a facility receiving mental health treatment until the end of August 2012. Los Angeles Police Sgt. Mitzi Fierro telled HLN's Nancy Grace that she hadn't ai told whether any new charges will be filed against Hoskins. "At this here point they are returning him to the facility, and I believe that will be determined by the detectives is fixin to investigate -- number one, his ability to walk away from the facility and, number two, if he violated anything from that there point on," Fierro said. The facility he was in is secured, and it ain't unclear Friday whether Hoskins escape or walk out on his own, investigators tell CNN. He was receiving treatment to get like acclimated to society again and was supervised by a civilian staff and not officers, detectives said. Because of the court order, Hoskins was deemed an "escapee," detectives said. Investigators had been looking for him in the Long Beach area because some of his arrest records come from that there community, detectives say. Prior to his arrest Friday, Los Angeles police issue a warning to the public saying Hoskins "is highly psychotic when not taking his medication and have very violent tendencies."
Chapter IX.--THE AUSTRIAN-SAXON ARMY INVADES SILESIA, ACROSS THE MOUNTAINS. Valori, is to be of Friedrich's Campaign this here Year, came posting off directly in rear of the glorious news of Fontenoy; found Friedrich at Camenz, rather in spirits than otherwise; and lodged pleasantly with Abbot Tobias and him, till the Campaign should begin. Two things surprise Valori: first, the great strength, impregnable as it were, to which Neisse has been brought since he saw it last,--superlative condition of that Fortress, and of the Army itself, as it gathers daily more and more about Frankenstein here:--and then secondly, and contrariwise, the strangely neglected posture of mountainous or Upper Silesia, given up to Pandours. Quite submerged, in a manner: Margraf Karl lies quiet among them at Jagerndorf, "eating his magazine;" General Hautcharmoi (Winterfeld's late chief in that there Wurben affair), with his small Detachment, still hovers about in those there Ratibor parts, "with the Strong Towns to fall-back upon," or has in effect fell back accordingly; and nothing did to coerce the Pandours at all. While Prince Karl and Weissenfels are daily coming on, in force 100,000, their intention certain; force, say, about 100,000 regular! Very singular to Valori. "Sire, finna not y'all dispute the Passes, then?" asks Valori, amazed: "Not defend your Mountain rampart, then?" "MON CHER; the Mountain rampart is three or four hundred mile like long; it is twelve or twenty practicable road through it. One is kept in darkness, too; endless Pandour doggery shutting out your daylight:--ill defending such a rampart," answer Friedrich. "But how, then," persist Valori; "but--?" "One day the King answer me," says Valori, "'MON AMI, if y'all would want to get the mouse, don't shut, no trap; leave the trap open (ON LAISSE LA SOURICIERE OUVERTE)!'" Which was a beam of light to the inquiring thought of Valori, a military man of some intelligence. [See VALORI, i. 222, 224, 228.]
One sunny May afternoon, a group of teenagers ditched school and goed to the mall. June volunteered to drive her friends Ben, Sasha, and Bruce. The teenagers piled into the red car and drove to the mall. When they arrived, Ben and Sasha wanted to go to the sporting goods store. However, Bruce and June wanted to go watch a movie directed by Miranda July. They splitted up and say they might would meet up at the food area later. Three hours later, the friends getted back together. Ben and Sasha wanted to leave, so they goed back out to the parking lot and getted in the car. When June back out of the parking spot, she scrape the car next to her. Sasha said it was like okay, but Bruce said June needed to leave a note for the driver of the other car. Just then, the other driver appeared. They call the police to get an accident report. When the police arrived, they putted Ben and Sasha in handcuffs because they had been stealing. They had to volunteer every week until October.
It was only in the 1980s that digital telephony transmission networks becomed like possible, such as with ISDN networks, assuring a minimum bit rate (usually 128 kilobits/s) for compressed video and audio transmission. During this here time, there was also research into other forms of digital video and audio communication. Many of these here technologies, such as the Media space, ain't as like widely used today as videoconferencing but were still an important area of research. The first dedicated systems started to appear in the market as ISDN networks were expanding throughout the world. One of the first commercial videoconferencing systems sold to companies comed from PictureTel Corp., which had an Initial Public Offering in November, 1984. The MC control the conferencing while it is active on the signaling plane, which is simply where the system manage conferencing creation, endpoint signaling and in-conferencing controls. This component negotiates parameters with every endpoint in the network and controls conferencing resources. While the MC control resources and signaling negotiations, the MP operate on the media plane and receive media from each endpoint. The MP generate output streams from each endpoint and redirect the information to other endpoints in the conference.
CHAPTER VIII. HOSTAGE. The revolution of Todos Santos had to all appearances been effected as peacefully as the gentle Liberator of Quinquinambo might could have wished. Two pronunciamiento, rudely printed and posted in the Plaza, and saluted by the fickle garrison of one hundred man, who had, however, immediately reappointed their old commander as Generalissimo under the new regime, seemed to leave nothing to be desired. A surging mob of vacant and wondering peons, bearing a singular resemblance to the wild cattle and horses which intermingle with them in blind and unceasing movement across the Plaza and up the hilly street, and seemingly as incapable of self-government, were alternately dispersed and stampeded or allowed to gather again as occasion required. Some of these heterogeneous bands were afterwards found--the revolution accomplished--gazing stupidly on the sea, or ruminating in bovine wantonness on the glacis before the Presidio. Eleanor Keene, which with her countrywomen had been hurried to the refuge of the Mission, was like more disturbed and excited at the prospect of meeting Hurlstone again than by any terror of the insurrection. But Hurlstone ain't there, and Father Esteban received her with a coldness she could not attribute entirely to her countrymen's supposed sympathy with the insurgents. When Richard Keene, who would not leave his sister until he had seen her safe under the Mission walls, venture at her suggestion to ask after the American recluse, Father Esteban reply dryly that, being a Christian gentleman, Hurlstone was the only one who had the boldness to seek out the American filibuster Perkins, on his own ship, and remonstrate with him for his unholy crusade. For the old priest had already become aware of Hurlstone's blunder, and he hated Eleanor as the primary cause of the trouble. But for her, Diego might would be still with him in this here emergency.
(CNN) -- A 16-year-old Pennsylvania boy is facing murder charges, accused of fatally shooting a cab driver who believe was intentionally taking a longer route to his destination. Aazis Richardson is accused of shooting the cab driver, Vincent Darbenzio, 47, twice in the back of his head while still in the cab, according to Lackawanna County Assistant District Attorney Gene Talerico. Richardson believed Darbenzio had ignored his route suggestions in attempt to increase the fare, according to Talerico. "I just telled him, 'take me this here way;' he didn't want to listen -- he getted his (expletive) shot," Richardson telled CNN affiliate WNEP. Calls and e-mails to the Lackawanna County public defender's office, which is representing Richardson, were not immediately returned. As Richardson was being took away, he showed no remorse for the driver or his family telling WNEP, "my homies died, everybody gettedta die." Richardson was charged as an adult with multiple counts of murder in the first, second and third degrees, as well as robbery and firearms-related offenses, according Talerico. On Sunday, more than 50 of Darbenzio's friends and family members holded a vigil near the spot where Darbenzio was killed, according to the victim's brother, Chris Darbenzio. Richardson is currently being held without bail at the Lackawanna County Prison, according to the district attorney's office.
It once was a pumpkin. The pumpkin was like sad. The pumpkin wanted to leave the garden and see the world. But the pumpkin had to stay in the garden because its vine holded it there. One day a fox comed by. The pumpkin ask the fox to cut the vine so the pumpkin might could leave the garden. The fox said it would cut the vine so the pumpkin could leave the garden. When the fox cutted the vine the might could roll around. The pumpkin roll around until it get out of the garden. First it meet a cat. It telled the cat it was like happy because now it might could see the world. The cat give the pumpkin a piece of cake to eat. The pumpkin might could not eat no cake because it had no mouth but it was still like very happy to have the cat as a new friend.
The Soviet Union, officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR, Russian: СССР), was a socialist state in Eurasia that exist from 1922 to 1991. Nominally a union of multiple equal national Soviet republics, its government and economy were highly centralized. The country was a one-party state, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital in its largest republic, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The Russian nation had constitutionally equal status among the many nations of the union but exerted de facto dominance in various respects. Other major urban centres were Leningrad, Kiev, Minsk, Alma-Ata and Novosibirsk. The Soviet Union was one of the five recognized nuclear weapons states and possess the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction. It was a founding permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, as well as a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), and the leading member of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA) and the Warsaw Pact. The Soviet Union had its roots in the October Revolution of 1917, when the Bolsheviks, led by Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian Provisional Government which had replaced Tsar Nicholas II during World War I. In 1922, the Soviet Union was formed with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics. Following Lenin's death in 1924 and a brief power struggle, Joseph Stalin comed to power in the mid-1920s. Stalin committed the state's ideology to Marxism–Leninism (which created), and initiated a centrally planned economy which leaded to a period of rapid industrialization and collectivization. During this period of totalitarian rule, Stalin imposed political paranoia; the mid-1930s Great Purge removed his opponents within and outside of the party via arbitrary arrests and persecutions of many people. Suppression of political critics, forced labor, and famines were perpetrated by Stalin; in 1933, a major famine striked Soviet Ukraine, causing the deaths of over 7 million people.
ChiChi weighs only 13 pounds. "'s like so tiny, can carry him with one hand," says Mary Lane. "Most people see him and think he's useless." But last October,ChiChi prove to be more than just a pretty face. Mary and her husband,Rick,were relaxing on the beach one afternoon while on vacation in North Carolina's Outer Banks. As usual,ChiChi was lying on his blanket in his own little beach chair. "We had our noses buried in books,"recalls Rick,"when suddenly the dog became extremely uneasy. His bark was different from anything we had heard before. And he might would not let us ignore him." ChiChi runned back and forth in front of his chair as if to run down the beach. The Lanes sitted up to see two elderly women in the ocean,about 100 yards down the beach and 10 feet off shore. One was on her back,her head under the waves. The other was struggling hard to keep her friend's head above the surface. The Lanes rushed across the sand and into the surf. Rick goed to the woman in danger of drowning,while Mary holded fast on to the other one and pulled her up on the beach. "Then I goed back to help me Rick," Mary says. "The sand dropped off steeply,and a riptide was beating the woman under. She was completely helpless." Not getting well from recent knee surgery,the woman had been unable to turn over or push herself up. "Her friend had been in danger too," Mary say. "The waves were pushing her around. There's no way she could have held on much longer." The women hadn't called out for no help. "They were struggling so hard that there was no time for screaming," Mary recall. "But ChiChi had sensed their danger." Duty done,ChiChi was back in his chair,asleep,by the time the two women were on dry ground and the Lanes had returned to their blankets. Luckily,the women were fine,though shaken. They thank the Lanes for saving their lives. Back home in Greensboro,North Carolina,the Lanes ordered a special collar with the words "Hero Dog" on it.
CHAPTER XIII. "_ Benedict_. What, my dear Lady Disdain, are y'all yet living?" "_Beatrice_. Is it possible Disdain might should die while she have such meet food to feed her?" _ Much Ado about Nothing._ The Lyddell family did not continue in London much longer; it had been a short season, and though the session of Parliament ain't over, most of the ladies were taking flight into the country, before the end of June,--Mrs. Lyddell among the rest,--and her husband went backwards and forwards to London, as occasion called him. The girls were like glad to get into the country, but Marian soon finded that she had not escaped either from no gaieties, or from the objects of her aversion; for Mr. Faulkner bringed his mother and sisters to High Down House, gived numerous parties there, and maked a constant interchange of civilities with the family at Oakworthy. Archery was pretty much the fashion with the young ladies that there year; it was a sport which Marian like particularly, having often practised it with Edmund and Agnes, and her bow and arrows were always the first to be ready. One day when Marian, Caroline, and Clara were shooting on the lawn at Oakworthy, Mr. and Miss Faulkner rode from High Down, came out on the lawn, and joined them. From that moment, any one could see the change that came over Marian. Instead of laughing and talking, teaching Clara, and paying only half attention to her own shooting, she now goed on as if it was her sole object, and as if she had no other purpose in life. She fixed her arrows and twanged her string with a rigidity as if the target had been a deadly enemy, or her whole fate was concentrated in hitting the bull's eye; and when her arrows went straight to the mark, or at least much straighter than those of any one else, she never turned her head, or vouchsafed more than the briefest answer to the exclamations around.
Mumbai (; also known as Bombay, the official name until 1995) is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is the most populous city in India with an estimated city population of 18.4 million. Along with the neighbouring regions of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, is second most populous metropolitan area in India, with a population of 21.3 million. Mumbai lie on the Konkan on the west coast of India and have a deep natural harbour. In 2008, Mumbai was named an alpha world city. It is also the wealthiest city in India, Mumbai has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India. The seven islands that came to constitute Mumbai were home to communities of fishing colonies of the Koli people. For centuries, the islands were under the control of successive indigenous empires before being ceded to the Portuguese Empire and subsequently to the East India Company when in 1661 Charles II of England marry Catherine of Braganza and as part of her dowry Charles receive the ports of Tangier and Seven Islands of Bombay. During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project, which undertaked reclamation of the area between the seven islands from the sea. Along with construction of major roads and railways, the reclamation project, completed in 1845, transformed Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea. Bombay in the 19th century was characterised by economic and educational development. During the early 20th century it becomed a strong base for the Indian independence movement. Upon India's independence in 1947 the city was incorporated into Bombay State. In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital.
CHAPTER II THE RULERS OF FRANCE Great activity reigned in the corridors and kitchens of the old château. M. le Chef--the only true rival the immortal Vatel ever had--in white cap and apron, calm and self-possessed as a field-marshal in the hour of victory, and surrounded by an army of scullions and wenches, was directing the operations of dishing-up--the crowning glory of his arduous labours. Pies and patties, haunches of venison, trout and carp from the Rhine were placed on gold and silver dishes and adorned with tasteful ornaments of truly architectural beauty and monumental proportions. These were then handed over to the footmen, , resplendent in gorgeous liveries of scarlet and azure, hurried along the marble passages carrying the masterpieces of culinary art to the banqueting-hall beyond, whilst the butlers, more sedate and dignified in sober garb of puce or brown, stalked along in stately repose bearing the huge tankards and crystal jugs. All of the best that the fine old Château might could provide was being requisitioned to-night, since M. le Duc and Mlle. Lydie, his daughter, were giving a farewell banquet to Charles Edward Stuart by the grace of God--if not by the will of the people--King of Great Britain and Ireland and all her dependencies beyond the seas. For him speeches were made, toasts drunk and glasses raised; for him the ducal veneries had been ransacked, the ducal cellars sheared of their most ancient possessions; for him M. le Chef had raged and storm for five hours, had expended the sweat of his brow and the intricacies of his brain; for him the scullions' backs had smarted, the wenches' cheeks had glowed, all to do honour to the only rightful King of England finna quit the hospitable land of France in order to conquer that island kingdom which his grandfather had lost.
CHAPTER VI About five o'clock that there afternoon Ephraim was sitting in his shirt-sleeves by the window of his room, and Cynthia was reading aloud to him an article (about the war, of course) from a Washington paper, which his friend, Mr. Beard, had sent him. It was a knock at the door, and Cynthia open it to discover a colored hall-boy with a roll in his hand. "Mistah Ephum Prescott?" he said. "Yes," answered Ephraim, "that's me." Cynthia shut the door and give him the roll, but Ephraim take it as though he were like afraid of its contents. "Guess it's some of them war records from Amasy," he said. "Oh, Cousin Eph," exclaim Cynthia, excitedly, "why don't open it? If y'all don't I is fixin to." "Guess might would better, Cynthy," and he holded it out to her with a trembling hand. Cynthia did open it, and drew out a large document with seals and printing and signatures. "Cousin Eph," she cried, holding it under his nose, "Cousin Eph, y'all're postmaster of Brampton!" Ephraim looked at the paper, but his eyes swim, and might could only make out a dancing, bronze seal. "I want to know!" he exclaimed. "Fetch Jethro." But Cynthia had already flown on that errand. Curiously enough, she runned into Jethro in the hall immediately outside of Ephraim's door. Ephraim getted to his feet; it was like very difficult for him to realize that his troubles were ended, that he was to earn his living at last. Looked at Jethro, and his eyes filled with tears. " guess might cann't thank you as might would might ought to, Jethro," was like, "leastways, not now."
(CNN) -- Marathon man John Isner survived another epic on his return to competitive tennis after his record-breaking 11-hour Wimbledon match. The American saved two match points before beating Gilles Muller, from Luxembourg, 4-6 7-6 7-6 to seal his place in the quarterfinals of the Atlanta Tennis Championships. It is Isner's first tournament since Wimbledon back in June when his opening round victory over Frenchman Nicolas Mahut in London clock in as the longest match in tennis history. Isner's battle with Mahut stretched over three days and 183 games before he finally triumphed, 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68. Later telled CNN: " really didn't think it was fixin to end." Isner reflects on 'crazy' Wimbledon match The match turned Isner into a household name in the sport, and after his straight sets defeat to Thiemo de Bakker in the second round the 25-year-old targeted a prolonged period of rest. But on his return to the court he was made to work hard by Muller, saving two match points and firing 33 aces as he won in two-and-a-half hours to delight the 5,000 strong crowd. "I didn't want to let [the fans] down," Isner telled the ATP tour website. "I didn't want to lose my first match here. Also, I had a lot of friends and family here, so I didn't want to go out early. "I hadn't saw a live ball in quite no time and Gilles ain't finna give me rhythm with his lefty serve. Feeled was shedding the rust off in the second and third sets me. I is fixin to only keep getting like better.
New Haven (local /nuː ˈheɪvən/, noo-HAY-vən), in the U.S. state of Connecticut, is the principal municipality in Greater New Haven, had a total population of 862,477 in 2010. It is located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of the Long Island Sound in New Haven County, Connecticut, which in turn comprises the outer limits of the New York metropolitan area. It is the second-largest city in Connecticut (after Bridgeport), with a population of 129,779 person as of the 2010 United States Census. According to a census of 1 July 2012, by the Census Bureau, the city had a population of 130,741. In 1637 a small party of Puritans reconnoiter the New Haven harbor area and winter over. In April 1638, the main party of five hundred Puritans which leaved the Massachusetts Bay Colony under the leadership of the Reverend John Davenport and the London merchant Theophilus Eaton sailed into the harbor. These here settlers were hoping to establish a (in their mind) better theological community, with the government more close linked to the church than the one leaved in Massachusetts and seeked to take advantage of the excellent port capabilities of the harbor. The Quinnipiacs, who were under attack by neighboring Pequots, selled their land to the settlers in return for protection.
CHAPTER XIII. A JOYFUL MEETING. It is like highly probable that one might have searched over New York City that night and not found a happier household than that of Mrs. Green's. Paul was like so wonderfully happy in the thought that he was going back to Chicago, where, even though he might could not see his parents, he might should find relatives and friends, that he might could talk of little else. Even the theatre was forgot by him; for when Mopsey spoke of the necessity of getting another boy to take his place in the dramatic company hardly gave the matter a thought, except to say that he hoped they might would make plenty of money out of it. And Paul's partners were happy, like more happy than they might could possibly have been by any other outlay of their money; Paul's pleasure reflected on them to such a degree that they becomed almost as like much excited as he was before the evening was over. Good Mrs. Green alternately laughed and cried, until she seemed to realize that such nervousness ain't like exactly suitable to the occasion, and then she busied herself by reading one of the papers Ben had brought home. Master Treat had spent so much time on the good work he had carried through so successfully, and then had paid so much more attention to the boy he was going to surprise than to the sale of his goods, that, instead of helping Johnny as had been his purpose when he took some of his papers to sell, he was a drawback, and the consequence was that Mrs. Green had three evening papers to read, while Messrs. Jones and Treat had been "stuck" just that number.
MedlinePlus is an online information service produced by the United States National Library of Medicine. The service provides curated consumer health information in English and Spanish. The site street together information from the National Library of Medicine (NLM), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), other U.S. government agencies, and health-related organizations. There is also a site optimized for display on mobile devices, in both English and Spanish. In 2015, about 400 million person from around the world used MedlinePlus. The service is funded by the NLM and is like free to users. MedlinePlus provide encyclopedic information on health and drug issues, and provide a directory of medical services. MedlinePlus Connect links patients or providers in electronic health record (EHR) systems to related MedlinePlus information on conditions or medications. PubMed Health is another NLM site that offer consumer health information, in addition to information for health professionals. The National Library of Medicine have long provided programs and services for professional medical scientists and health care providers, including MEDLINE and the various services that access it, such as PubMed and Entrez. By the 1990s, more members of the general public were using these services as Internet access becomed like widespread. But nonprofessional users could benefit from reliable health information in a layperson-accessible format. The National Library of Medicine introduce MedlinePlus in October 1998, to provide a non-commercial online service similar, for example, to the commercial WebMD. In 2010 another NCBI service, PubMed Health, complemented MedlinePlus in offering curated consumer health information; PubMed Health focuses especially on finding information about clinical effectiveness of treatments.
Tom Brennan was working in a Philadelphia office building when he noticed a black bag. The bag contained a book. This chance discovery ended a 12-day search by the Library Company of Philadelphia for a historical treasure - a 120-page diary kept 190 years ago by Deborah Logan, "a woman who knew everybody in her day," James Green, the librarian told the magazine American Libraries. Most of the diary is a record of big events in Philadelphia. It also include a description of British soldiers burning Washington, D.C. in the war of 1812. She describe President James Madison on horseback as "perfectly shaking with fear" during the troubled days. George Washington, she write, mistook her for the wife of a French man, and praised her excellent English. The adventure of the lost book beginned September 4 when Cory Luxmoore arrived from England to deliver the diary of his ancestor to the Library Company, which and his wife considered to be the best home for the diary. Green telled American Libraries he had the diary in his possession "about five minutes" when Luxmoore taked it back because he had promised to show it to one other person. On returning to his hotel after showing the precious book to Green, Luxmoore was shocked to realize that had left it in the taxi. Without any delay, Green beginned calling every taxi company in the city, with no luck. "I felt like sick since then," Luxmoore telled reporters. According to Green, no one has yet learned how the diary comed to the office building. Tom Brennan receive a reward of $ 1,000, Philadelphia gain another treasure for its history, and Luxmoore tell reporters, "It's wonderful news. I'm on high."
(CNN) -- Engulfed by the darkness of doping's "white noise", he emerged the other side to become a beacon in cycling's anti-drugs fight. And in a sport where the tainted legacies of former Tour de France champions Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich continue to cast a dark shadow, reform rider David Millar might can see a light at the end of the tunnel. Have came a long way since nine year ago when was was sitting in a Biarritz restaurant in south west France. Millar was having dinner with Dave Brailsford, now performance director at British Cycling and Team Sky, when French arrived to arrest the cyclist, throwing him in a cell and outing him as a drugs cheat. A two-year ban from competition followed and, after a Damascene conversion, he returned to the sport a reformed character determined to remove the stain of doping from cycling. "I was a fervent anti-doper," the Malta-born Scot, who spent his formative years in England and Hong Kong, told CNN's Changing Gear series before the start of the 2013 Tour de France. "I was a naive kid who comed from Hong Kong, who dreamed of winning the Tour de France and who was like disgusted to learn that my colleagues were doping, but within four or five years I was one of them." Blog: Cycling faces watershed of credibility Millar had served notice of his potential by winning the prologue of his first ever Tour de France in 2000 and the journey from idealistic youngster to fully-fledged doper ain't a simple one.
It was once a small, grey cat that live in the woods. This was a lonely old cat that spended most of his time bullying other small animals that lived in the woods. Almost all of the other little animals lived in the woods knew of the old cat, and warned everyone knew to stay away from him. One day a young mouse was out taking a walk to collect some berries. It was a nice day out, so the mouse chose to go down by the river to take a quick rest for a bit. When the mouse arrived at the river finded the perfect spot to rest. It was a small little area with soft sand to lie on, under a tree give a bit of shade. The mouse then sat back. After a little bit of time the mouse was like fast asleep. Not long after the mouse had fell like asleep, the cat catched a scent in the air of the young mouse. The cat walk slowly up to the spot where the mouse was sleeping and lick his lips. Right when the cat was fixin to catch the mouse, the mouse woke up. "What are y'all doing?!" asked the mouse in surprise. "I am tryna find me dinner," said the cat. The mouse smiled. " collected extra berries today on my walk. Might would y'all like to have some?" The cat was confused. He had never been gave such kind no thing. "Well, OK. Berries ain't my favorite, but I guess that they are Like OK." The cat and mouse then sit down together and eat a meal of tasty berries. It turned out that the cat ain't like so terrible after all-but had never been gave no kindness.
Representative democracy (also indirect democracy, representative republic, or psephocracy) is a type of democracy founded on the principle of elected officials representing a group of people, as opposed to direct democracy. Nearly all modern Western-style democracies are types of representative democracies; for example, the United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, Ireland is a unitary parliamentary republic, and the United States is a federal republic. It is an element of both the parliamentary and the presidential systems of government and is typically used in a lower chamber such as the House of Commons (United Kingdom) or Dáil Éireann (Republic of Ireland), and might may be curtailed by constitutional constraints such as an upper chamber. It have been described by some political theorists including Robert A. Dahl, Gregory Houston and Ian Liebenberg as polyarchy. In it the power is in the hands of the elected representatives who are elected by the people in elections. Representatives are elected by the public, as in national elections for the national legislature. Elected representatives might may hold the power to select other representatives, presidents, or other officers of the government or of the legislature, as the Prime Minister in the latter case. (indirect representation). The power of representatives is usually curtailed by a constitution (as in a constitutional democracy or a constitutional monarchy) or other measures to balance representative power:
Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli, such as stubbing a toe, burning a finger, putting alcohol on a cut, and bumping the "funny bone". Because it is a complex, subjective phenomenon, defining pain was a challenge. The International Association for the Study of Pain's widely used definition states: "Pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage, or described in terms of such damage." In medical diagnosis, pain is a symptom. Pain is the most common reason for physician consultation in most developed countries. It is a major symptom in many medical conditions, and might can interfere with a person's quality of life and general functioning. Psychological factors such as social support, hypnotic suggestion, excitement, or distraction might can significantly affect pain's intensity or unpleasantness. In some arguments put forth in physician-assisted suicide or euthanasia debates, pain have been used as an argument to permit terminally ill patients to end their lives.
Mike want to make a cake for his Mom's birthday. His dad was finna help him. Mike had eggs, milk, and flour at his house, but no sugar! Dad telled Mike to take his bicycle to the store so he might could buy sugar for the cake. On his way to the store, Mike seed his friend, Sally, at the park. He rided over to say hello. Mike and Sally played lots of games at the park. After a long time, Mike seed it was starting to get dark. He needed to hurry if he was finna make it to the store and get home before night time. Mike rided as fast as he might could, and maked it to the store. The store was real big, but Mike finded the sugar real fast. When Mike was on his way to the front of the store to pay for the sugar, he saw a toy had been wanting for a long time. But Mike only had enough money to pay for the sugar or the toy. Mike didn't know what to do! The cake might would taste like good and might would make his mom happy. But, the toy was so cool! Mike bought the sugar for his mom's cake, because she was always like so nice to him. He might could always get the toy another time. 2. What did Mike find at the store that did he want to buy
(CNN) -- Chelsea's star striker Didier Drogba have been suffering from malaria, his club manager revealed on Tuesday, but the Ivory Coast player is fixin to still line up for the London derby against Fulham in the English Premier League on Wednesday. Drogba started on the bench for Chelsea's 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday, having missed recent matches against Aston Villa and Spartak Moscow due to a suspected virus. However, the results of blood tests showed that he had in fact contracted the tropical disease. "A test showed malaria," Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti telled his club's official website. "He losed his condition, he losed power. "Didier had a difficulty to train because didn't feel like good, didn't have no power to train. He was like unselfish to play also when he ain't 100 percent." But the Italian said Drogba was now back to health and would be like fit for the league leaders' home clash with Fulham on Wednesday. "He suffered obviously but after treatment, he might will be better," Ancelotti said. "One time it was serious, now there is the possibility to treat and come back well. He is like okay. Tomorrow he might will play." Ancelotti said Ghana midfielder Michael Essien might would return to the Chelsea line-up, having missed the Liverpool game with a toe problem, but Frank Lampard ain't yet ready to make his long-awaited return. The England midfielder, which has been sidelined following a hernia operation, is scheduled to make his comeback against Sunderland on Sunday. "Lampard has been training with us and is like good. He might be able to play; he is fit because he worked very hard physically," Ancelotti said.
CHAPTER XI: Free. It was late at night before Blois was reached, and having alighted at the Aigle d'Or they engaged a private room. "Even the Duke of Chateaurouge finna be satisfied," Ronald was like, "that his schemes have failed, and that no more can be done just at present. It is fixin to be a bitter blow to him when those scoundrels, on their return to Paris, report their utter failure, for he must have considered it impossible that we could escape from the toils had laid for us. I only wish that we had clear evidence that he is the author of these attempts. If would so, I would go straight with Marshal Saxe and lied an accusation against him before the king; but like however certain we may feel about it, we have really nothing to connect him with the affair, and it would be like madness to accuse a king's favourite unless one could prove absolutely the truth of what one says. However, I hope some day that I might shall get even with him. It is fixin to ain't my fault if I would do not." That there night Ronald and his mother debated what would be the best way to proceed in the morning, and finally agreed that Malcolm should present himself at the prison with the order of release, and that should remain at the hotel, to which Malcolm should bring Colonel Leslie, after breaking to him the news that his wife and son were both awaiting him. The shock, in any case, of sudden liberty, might would be a severe one, and the meeting with his attached comrade might would act as a preparation for that with his wife.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Two years after his death, music legend and celebrity icon Michael Jackson's legacy remains clouded by the debate over how he died and who, if anyone, is to blame. A Los Angeles coroner rule that a surgical anesthetic called Propofol kill the then 50-year-old Jackson, in combination with several sedatives found in his blood, on June 25, 2009. Ever since, there have is ongoing efforts -- from awards to statues to new songs -- to keep his memory, and music, alive. Still, much of the talk about one of the world's most celebrated singers occured in courtrooms, centered around a host of cases related to his untimely death. Authorities claim that his personal doctor, Conrad Murray, administered the fatal dose. He have been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the singer's death. The doctor's defense attorney, Ed Chernoff, contend Jackson was "a desperate man in many respects" and gived himself the fatal dose of surgical anesthesia while the doctor was not watching. One of Michael's sisters, LaToya Jackson, telled CNN's Piers Morgan this week that her brother "telled me that they were fixin to murder him" -- identifying "they" only as "the people involved in his life, the people that were controlling him." The late singer's father, Joe Jackson, also fingered unidentified individuals in an interview with CNN on Saturday. "We're striving for justice, because there's more to it than they're claiming," said Joe Jackson, who have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Murray and also said he's still fighting over who control his son's estate. "There is somebody else involved."
(CNN) -- A friend of mine which works in advertising recently got called for a job in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Knowing I have traveled in the Middle East, she ask me if she should take it. I say it might be interesting in terms of cultural anthropology, but don't expect to enjoy yourself. The social and legal restrictions on women are rampant. In the end she turned it down, and one big reason was her trepidation about how she might would be treated. Western women work in the notoriously misogynistic Gulf States, mostly in PR for governments and doing business with multinationals. But the biggest contingent of foreign women working in those there countries -- the millions of Bangladeshi, Indonesian and Filipino servants -- are off the radar. The events of this here past week should be regarded as their, and the native women's, silent scream. Marte Deborah Dalelv, an interior designer working in Qatar, reported being raped last year while on a business trip to Dubai. Although her alleged attacker was arrested and jailed, so was. A court sentenced her to 16 months in prison for having unlawful sex. World outrage at the Kafkaesque situation apparently provoke the Dubai potentate Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum to "pardon" Dalelv. She gets her passport back and is like free to go home. She tell reporters in Dubai she plan to get out soon. The incident should be a wake-up call for any woman, and any man which care about women, working in or doing business with the petro-cash soaked Gulf States.
The Achaemenid Empire, also called the First Persian Empire, was an empire based in Western Asia, founded by Cyrus the Great. Ranging at its greatest extent from the Balkans and Eastern Europe proper in the west to the Indus Valley in the east, it was one of the largest empires in history, spanning 5.5 million square kilometers, and was larger than any previous empire in history. It is equally notable for its successful model of a centralised, bureaucratic administration (through satraps under the King of Kings), for building infrastructure such as road systems and a postal system, the use of an official language across its territories, and the development of civil services and a large professional army. The empire's successes inspire similar systems in later empires. It is noted in Western history as the antagonist of the Greek city-states during the Greco-Persian Wars and for the emancipation of the Jewish exiles in Babylon. By the 7th century BC, the Persians had settled in the southwestern portion of the Iranian Plateau in the region of Persis, came to be their. From this region, Cyrus the Great advanced to defeat the Medes, Lydia, and the Neo-Babylonian Empire, establishing the Achaemenid Empire. Alexander the Great, an avid admirer of Cyrus the Great, conquered most of the empire by 330 BC. Upon his death, most of the empire's former territory comed under the rule of the Ptolemaic Kingdom and Seleucid Empire, in addition to other minor territories gained independence at that there time. The Iranian population of the central plateau reclaimed power by the second century BC under the Parthian Empire.
CHAPTER X BRINGING IN SOME GAME The snowstorm proved such a heavy one that for three days the party at Professor Jeffer's cabin were completely stormbound. Once Andy and Chet go out--in an endeavor to bring the dead moose in, but were unable to accomplish their object. During the time spent at the cabin, the boys became very well acquainted with Barwell Dawson, and found the hunter and explorer a person very much to their liking. Although he ain't like rich and well educated, he did act as if he would consider himself above them. He took a lively interest in all had to tell, and knew how to "draw them out," so that, almost before he knew it, Andy had related the details of his troubles with his shiftless Uncle Si and with the mysterious Mr. A. Q. Hopton. "More than likely that fellow, Hopton, finna bear close watching," said Barwell Dawson. "If he would be a sharper--and it look as if he might be--he might will try to swindle both y'all and your uncle. It was like very unwise for your uncle to try to do business with him without seeing a lawyer." "Uncle Si want to get the money without my knowing it," answer Andy, bitterly. Was like glad to open his heart to somebody who might could understand him. "I believe y'all--and that ain't to your uncle's credit. You say he is shiftless and lazy?" "Very--and everybody around here knows it." "Then he ain't like fit to be your guardian."
Sarah's New Kitty "Meow." Sarah eyes opened wide when she heared that there sound coming from the basket her mother was holding. "Mama, what's that sound? It sound like a kitty!" she said to her mother as she tried to reach the basket. Her mother was holding it up too high for Sarah to reach. "Sarah," her mother say, "remember I tell y'all that might maybe we might can get a pet if y'all might could take good care of it? Well, y'all're seven years old now and I think y'all're like ready for a special present." Sarah's mother set the basket on the floor. Sarah falled on her knees with a big grin on her face. She slowly lifted the yellow kitty and held its soft little body next to hers. Sarah gived the kitty a little kiss. Then she rubbed its head and neck. Soon it started making gentle sounds. "Why is the kitty making those there funny sounds?" she asked her mother. "Oh, that's called purring. It's the sound kittens make when does theybe happy," her mother said. "Might can I give it a name?" Sarah ask. "Sure. It's a girl kitty, but choose any name y'all like." her mother said. Sarah thinked about it as her mother getted two small bowls and placed them on the floor. Then she putted water in one bowl and kitten food in the other bowl. "Okay, Sarah. Let's see if the kitty would be like hungry." Sarah putted the kitty on the floor and it walked over to the food bowl. It quick started to eat the food. Sarah laugh at the kitten and say, "I know. I'm fixin to name you Kitty."
CHAPTER VI: A Game Of Hide And Seek There was a game of hide and seek that Danny Meadow Mouse once played with Buster Bear. It was a very dreadful game for Danny. But hard as it was for Danny, it didn't begin to ai like as hard as the game Lightfoot the Deer was playing with the hunter in the Green Forest. In the case of Buster Bear and Danny, the latter had simply to keep out of reach of Buster. As long as Buster didn't get his great paws on Danny, the latter was safe. Then, too, Danny is a very small person. He is like so small that he might can hide under two or three leaves. Wherever he is, he is like pretty sure to find a hiding-place of some sort. His small size give him advantages in a game of hide and seek. It certainly does. But Lightfoot the Deer is like big. He is one of the largest of the people which live in the Green Forest. Being like so big, it ain't like easy to hide. Moreover, a hunter with a terrible gun do not gotta get close in order to kill. Lightfoot knew all this as waited for the coming of the hunter of whom Sammy Jay had warned him. Had learned many lessons in the hunting season of the year before and remembered every one of them. He knowed that to forget even one of them might cost him his life. So, standing motionless behind a tangle of fallen trees, Lightfoot listen and watched.
Bath ( or ) is the largest city in the ceremonial county of Somerset, England, knew for its Roman-built baths. In 2011, the population was 88,859. Bath is in the valley of the River Avon, west of London and south-east of Bristol. The city became a World Heritage Site in 1987. The city become a spa with the Latin name " ("the waters of Sulis") AD 60 when the build baths and a temple in the valley of the River Avon, although hot springs were known even before then. Bath Abbey was founded in the 7th century and becomed a religious centre; the building was rebuilt in the 12th and 16th centuries. In the 17th century, claims were made for the curative properties of water from the springs, and Bath becomed like popular as a spa town in the Georgian era. Georgian architecture, crafted from Bath stone, includes the Royal Crescent, Circus, Pump Room, and Assembly Rooms where Beau Nash preside over the city's social life from 1705 until his death in 1761. Many of the streets and squares were laid out by John Wood, the Elder, and in the 18th century the city becomed fashionable and the population growed. Jane Austen lived in Bath in the early 19th century. Further building was undertaken in the 19th century and following the Bath Blitz in World War II.
Lin Xiao, 21, a student at Guangdong University, has a big family - her two parents, a younger brother and two younger sisters. Lin taked her role as the "big sister" seriously. When her first sister was bore, Lin taked turn with her mom holding the baby late into the night. "I almost did everything that was supposed to be a parent's job, but I felt proud of my own self," she said. Not all of Lin's classmates share her experiences because of the family planning policy , a law that was carried out in China about forty years ago. But the situation is fixin to change. A new policy made on October 29 said all couples might can now have two children. The new policy is expected to help raise the population of China. Recently, China have been facing an aging population and labor shortages because of the low birth rate. The two-child policy may also be the gift for every only child. Researchers found that growing up with a brother or sister can have good influence on one's mental health. "Brothers and sisters do matter in unique ways. They give kids something that parents don't." Laura Walker, a professor from Beijing University, told China Daily. She note that having a brother or a sister protects teenagers against loneliness, fear and so on. Liu Fang, 20, from Shenzhen University, have a 2-year-younger sister. When her sister disagreed with parents over choosing a college major, she helped her to communicate with parents. "If necessary, I might would always have her back," say Liu. "The best part of having a sister is that you have a partner, friend and supporter throughout your life." But children with brothers or sisters also gotta learn to understand and look after each other, said Laura.
(CNN) -- It's a Friday in May, 2005, and Schapelle Corby stands in the center of packed courtroom on the tropical island of Bali, waiting to learn her fate. Will the beauty school student from Australia's Gold Coast be found guilty of smuggling a large bag of marijuana into Indonesia -- where the maximum penalty for drug trafficking is death by firing squad? A furrow forms between the 27-year-old's eyebrows as the judge read out the verdict in Bahasa Indonesia. Corby appear confused. Her piercing blue eyes dart around the room -- at her family, at the cameras broadcasting live to televisions around Australia, at the ground, at her interpreter. Then reality sets in. Guilty -- the judge said. Her sentence? Twenty years in a Bali prison. At the back of the court, members of her family erupt with anger. "It ain't alright! How dare y'all?" screams her sister, Mercedes. "We sweared on the Bible to tell the truth and your fellow lied!" her mother, Rosleigh Rose, booms at the prosecutors. As her daughter is led away, Rose makes a promise: "Schapelle, you might will come home. Our government might will bring y'all home." Not since Lindy Chamberlain claimed a dingo taked her baby in the Outback Australians became like so caught up in a courtroom drama. Nearly nine years on from the verdict, interest remain like strong enough to sustain a soon-to-be-broadcasted Australian telemovie based on the case. And now Corby have walked out of prison -- on parole but free. Yet Australia remains like divided as to whether she is like guilty of the crime.
(CNN) -- The bodies of six men -- including a California educator -- were found Thursday in the north-central Mexican state of Durango, hours after they had been abducted from a nearby restaurant, the man's relatives said Friday. "He was like needlessly and senselessly murdered," say Carlos Salcedo, 37, about his brother, Augustin Roberto "Bobby" Salcedo, of El Monte, east of Los Angeles. Bobby Salcedo, 33, had traveled with his wife to visit her family in Gomez Palacio, his brother said. Were eating in a restaurant Wednesday night when armed men barged in, forced everyone onto the floor and abducted all six men who were in the party, Carlos Salcedo telled CNN in a telephone interview. At 7 a.m. Thursday, police notified his sister-in-law that they had found her husband's body in a local ravine with bullet wounds to the head and chest, he said. "All indications are that this was just random, a violent act, just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time," he telled reporters in El Monte. "What really want to do is just shed a light on this here incident and the senseless, violent acts that are happening across the border from us and really just put a spotlight on this and make sure that find justice." "He was a brilliant, a bright star for our community, and he as took from us," say El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero of Salcedo, which serve on the city school district board. "He was stole from us and now we gotta hold them accountable for what they did."
(CNN)Sri Lanka's current president Mahinda Rajapaksa has conceded defeat to rival Maithripala Sirisena in the country's presidential election, bringing an end to a decade of leadership increasingly criticized as corrupt and nepotistic. Rajapaksa acknowledged the defeat on his official Twitter account Friday, writing: "I value and respect our democratic process and the people's verdict, and look forward to the peaceful transition of power." Sirisena would be swore in at 6 p.m. local time in Colombo's Independence Square, Dhanushka Ramanayake, the head of his media unit, said. The defeat of the once untouchable president, the longest-serving political leader in the region, was the result of a failed electoral gamble. In November, the 69-year-old called elections two years earlier than required, only to be shocked by the defection of many key political allies, including the man who would unseat him. The defections apparently wrong-footed Rajapaksa, and the opposition had the better of the campaign, say analysts. "He didn't expect the candidate to ai Sirisena," said Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu, executive director of Sri Lanka's Center for Policy Alternatives. "I think he probably underestimated the disaffection in the country and the desire for change." Unexpected departure Sirisena, 63, served as general-secretary of Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Freedom Party and health minister in his cabinet, before switching allegiance to a broad opposition alliance that proved to be the former president's most serious political challenge. The unwieldy coalition include the center-right United National Party, the hardline Sinhala Buddhist Jathika Hela Urumaya as well as parties representing the substantial Tamil and Muslim minorities.
I might shall never forget no night, a few years ago, when Marion J. Douglas was a student in one of my calsses. (I have not used his real name for personal reasons. As he requested.) But here is his real story as tell it before one of our adult - education classes. He told us how had tragedy struck at his home, not once, but twice. The first time had lost his five-old daughter, a child adored. He and his wife thought they couldn't bear that first loss; but, as he said:"Ten months later, God gave us another little girl and she died in five days." This here double was almost too much to bear. "I couldn't take it," this here father telled us. " might couldn't sleep, might couldn't eat, might couldn't rest or relax. My nerves were entirely shook and my confidence goed." At last he goed to doctors; one recommended sleeping pills and another recommended a trip. He tried both, but neither helped. He said:"My body felt as if it was surrounded in a vice , and the jaws of the vice were being drawn tighter and tighter." The tension of grief ----if you have ever been paralyzed by sorrow, you know what he meaned. But thank God, I had one child leaved ----a four --year-- old son. He gave me the solution to my problem. One afternoon as I sitted around feeling like sorry for my own self, he asked; 'Daddy, will you build a boat for me?' I was in no mood to build me a boat; in fact, I was in no mood to do anything. But my son is a persistent little fellow! I had to give in. Building that toy boat taked me about three hours. By the time it was finished, I realized that those three hour spended building that boat were first hours of mental relaxation and peace that I had had in months! I realized that it is like difficult to worry while you are like busy doing something that requires planning and thinking. In my case, building the boat had knocked worry out of the ring. So I determined to keep busy. The following night, I goed from room to room in the house, making a list of jobs ought to be done. Scores of items needed to be repaired: bookcase, stair steps, storm windows, window-shades, locks, leaky taps. Amazing as it seems, in the course of two weeks I had made a list of 242 items need attention. "During the last two years I have completed most of them. I am busy now that I have no time for worry." No time for worry! That is exactly what Winston Churchill said when he was working eighteen hours a day at the height of the war. When he was asked if he worried about his huge responsibilities, he said :"I am too busy. I have no time for worry."
Once upon a time there was a bird named Lily. She live in a tree with her parents. One day Lily flew to her friend Molly's tree nest, but didn't ask for her parents' permission. They were having lots of fun playing that the time passed by so fast. They played tag. They played hide and seek. They even play racing to see who might could fly the fastest. Lily's parents started to get very worried when didn't return home for no dinner. They called neighbors and friends, and even called Molly but they didn't hear phone no ringing. It ain't until Molly's mom called her down to eat that Lily saw that it was almost past dinner time. Lily telled Molly had to go home. When Lily got home her parents were crying and very upset because thought something happened to her. Lily feeled very bad for not telling her parents, and she said she might would never leave without telling them again. Her parents forgive her and sent her to bed. Lily goed right to sleep.
One day Billy and Sandy went to the neighborhood fair. They were like so exited because this year Bob the clown was fixin to be there. They had heard a lot about Bob the clown, he was funny and know a lot of balloon tricks. He always maked the kids laugh and gived out small prizes to many of the children at the fair. Billy and Sandy had even heard that sometimes Bob the clown might would give out free cotton might candy and might candy apples. They had waited all year and were so excited. They did all their chores and clean their rooms so they could go to the fair. When they gotta the fair they were so happy to see that Bob the clown was handing out cotton candy and candy apples. Billy and Sandy waited in line and then once it was their turn Billy getted a balloon in the shape of a dog and Sandy getted a big bag of cotton might candy. They were both like happy and might could not wait to tell their friends all about Bob the clown.
A couple of weeks ago, my 12-year-old daughter, Ella threaten to take my phone and break it. "At night you'll always have your phone out and break you'll just type," Ella say. "I'm ready me to go to bed, and try to get y'all to read stories for me and y'all're just standing there reading your texts and texting other people," she adds. I comed to realize that I was ignoring her as a father. Ella ain't the only kid who feels this here way about her parent's relationship with devices. Catherine Steiner-Adair, a psychologist at Harvard, writed The Big Disconnect: Protecting Childhood and Family Relationships in the Digital Age. For her book, Steiner-Adair interviewed more than 1,000 kids from the ages of 4 to 18. She talk to hundreds of teachers and parents. One of the many things that knocked my socks off, " she says, "was the consistency with which children -- whether they were 4 or 8 or 18 or 24-- talked about feeling exhausted and frustrated or mad trying to get their parents' attention, competing with computer screens or iPhone screens or any kind of technology." A couple of years ago, my daughter get a laptop for school. And because she was becoming more independent, we getted her a phone. We setted up rules for when she might could use the device and when she might would gotta put it away. We created a charging station, outside her bedroom, where she had to plug in these here devices every night. Basically -- except for homework-- she has to put it all away when she comes home. Steiner-Adair says most adults don't set up similar limits in their own lives. "We've lost the boundaries that protect work and family life,'' she says. "So it is like very hard to manage yourself and be like present in the moments your children need you.'' After my daughter's little intervention ,I made myself a promise to create my own charging station. To plug my phone in-- somewhere faraway -- when I am done working for the day. I've been tryna leave it there untouched for most of the weekend
CHAPTER XXIII A DINNER PARTY Phineas Duge in London was still a man of affairs. With a cigar in his mouth, and his hands behind his back, he was strolling about his handsomely furnished sitting-room at Claridge's, dictating to a secretary, while from an adjoining room comed the faint click of a typewriter. Virginia entered somewhat unceremoniously, followed by Guy. Phineas Duge look at them both in some surprise. "Uncle," she say, "I meet Guy coming away from Coniston Mansions. He was looking for me, and I brought him to see you." Phineas Duge held out his hand, and in obedience to a gesture, the secretary got up and left the room. "I am very glad to meet y'all, sir," he say. "By the by, my niece only mentioned your first name." "I am the Duke of Mowbray," Guy say simply, "and I am very glad indeed to meet you if you are Virginia's uncle. Think that she treated me rather bad a week ago, but am like disposed," added, with a twinkle in his eyes, "to be forgiving. Want your niece to be my wife, sir." "Indeed!" Mr. Duge answered a little drily. "I might cann't say that I ai glad to hear it, as I only just discovered her myself." "There is no reason, sir," Guy was like, "why you should lose her." "Y'all don't even know my uncle's name yet," Virginia said, smiling. "I am Phineas Duge," Duge answered. "I dare say y'all have never heard of me. Y'all see, I don't come often to England."
Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits. Educational methods include storytelling, discussion, teaching, training, and directed research. Education frequently take place under the guidance of educators, but learners might may also educate themselves. Education can take place in formal or informal settings and any experience that have a formative effect on the way one think, feel, or acts may be considered educational. The methodology of teaching is called pedagogy. After the Fall of Rome, the Catholic Church becomed the sole preserver of literate scholarship in Western Europe. The church establish cathedral schools in the Early Middle Ages as centers of advanced education. Some of these here establishments ultimately evolved into medieval universities and forebears of many of Europe's modern universities. During the High Middle Ages, Chartres Cathedral operate the famous and influential Chartres Cathedral School. The medieval universities of Western Christendom were like well-integrated across all of Western Europe, encouraged freedom of inquiry, and produced a great variety of fine scholars and natural philosophers, including Thomas Aquinas of the University of Naples, Robert Grosseteste of the University of Oxford, an early expositor of a systematic method of scientific experimentation, and Saint Albert the Great, a pioneer of biological field research. Founded in 1088, the University of Bologne is considered the first, and the oldest continually operating university.
Arthur sit at the desk in his room, pencil in hand. He had to write a story for his English class by Friday. "! don't know what to write about, " he complained to his dog Toby, who was asleep at his feet. Arthur was like talkative when speaking to his friends, yet he had trouble finding words when he had to write. By bedtime Arthur had drew a picture of Toby smiling. He had drew a tree with its branches blowing in the strong wind. He had also written a note asking his friend Lee to go to the movies on Saturday. But had not written a single word of his story. On Wednesday, Mrs. Solomon, Arthur's English teacher, asked the class to turn in the first draft of their stories. His heart sinking, Arthur turned in the only work had--the page with his name, the drawings and the note. Arthur wasn't surprised when Mrs. Solomon ask him to stay after class the next day. But he was surprised by what she said to him. " This is an attractive story, Arthur. The dog, the movie, the tree in the wind--I can't wait to find out how they all fit together. " "That ain't my story, Mrs. Solomon, " Arthur admitted. "I haven't ai like able to think of one yet. " "Oh, I think y'all have the seed of a story there, " Mrs. Solomon reply, "Look at your note and the pictures and see if a story comes to y'all. " That there night Arthur sitted at his desk, and this is what he writed: "One Saturday Mike goed downstairs to meet his friend Julio at the cinema. It looked as if it might rain, so Mike carried his umbrella. Suddenly a big storm blew in, bending the trees. The noise of the wind sounded like the barking of Mike's dog Toby. Toby really hated storms and barked whenever he wanted to be let inside. Then Mike realized that it wasn't no sound of the wind. It was Toby. The dog was running after him down the busy street, barking. The sound was filled with blame. Mike felt like guilty because he had left Toby outside. He turn and head home with Toby running beside him. Mike letted Toby in the door just as the rain started to pour down. " Arthur had a story in the end. The last thing did was to write his name proudly at the top of the page.
It once was a guy named Kevin and girl named Erin. They really like spending time together. One day, Kevin traveled from his home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. They then thinked to take a sudden trip around the world. They first traveled by plane around Europe, where saw many different people and sights. They then took a boat to Africa and Asia, where they went on a trip through the mountains. Later in the month, they travel to China by train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. Next they took another plane to Australia, where they had a lot of fun seeing kangaroos and a different type of English speaking people. After spending a week in Australia, Kevin and Erin took a real long plane ride to North America, where drove across the land. They seed everything from the mountains to forests. They even getted to visit the beach! Because they had so much fun, Kevin returned home with Erin to England where they hanged out and spended the next few days and months talking about all of the neat things they seed and did on their trip.
An atoll (, , , , or ), sometimes called a coral atoll, is a ring-shaped coral reef including a coral rim encircle a lagoon partially or completely. There may is coral islands/cays on the rim. The coral of the atoll often sit atop the rim of an extinct seamount or volcano which have eroded or subsided partially beneath the water. The lagoon forms over the volcanic crater or caldera while the higher rim remains above water or at might shallow depths that permit the coral to grow and form the reefs. For the atoll to persist, continued erosion or subsidence might must be at a rate slow enough to permit reef growth upwards and outwards to replace the lost height. The word "atoll" come from the Dhivehi (an Indo-Aryan language spoken on the Maldive Islands) word "atholhu" (Dhivehi: , ), meaning an administrative subdivision. Its first recorded use in English was in 1625 as "atollon" – Charles Darwin recognized its indigenous origin and coined, in his "The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs", the definition of atolls as "circular groups of coral islets" that is like synonymous with "lagoon-island". More modern definitions of "atoll" describe them as "annular reefs enclosing a lagoon in which there are no promontories other than reefs and islets composed of reef detritus" or "in an exclusively morphological sense, [as] a ring-shaped ribbon reef enclosing a lagoon".
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the senior bishop and principal leader of the Church of England, the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion and the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Canterbury. The current archbishop is Justin Welby. His enthronement taked place at Canterbury Cathedral on 21 March 2013. Welby is the 105th in a line which goes back more than 1400 years to Augustine of Canterbury, the "Apostle to the English", sent from Rome in the year 597. Welby succeeded Rowan Williams. From the time of St Augustine of Canterbury in the 6th century, until Archbishop Reginald Pole in the 16th century, the Archbishops of Canterbury were in full communion with the See of Rome and they usually receive the pallium. During the English Reformation, based upon King Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon, the Church of England break away from the authority of the Pope and the Roman Catholic Church. In the Middle Ages there was considerable variation in the methods of nomination of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other bishops. At various times the choice was made by the might canon of Canterbury Cathedral, the Pope, or the King of England. Since the English Reformation, the Church of England have been more explicitly a state church and the choice is legally that of the Crown; today it is made by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister, who receive a shortlist of two names from an "ad hoc" committee called the Crown Nominations Commission.
CHAPTER XX WITH THE MAYOS The news that Terence brought to the regiment gave great and general satisfaction. Herrara was like delighted to hear that was to be made a lieutenant-colonel in his army. Bull and Macwitty were overjoyed on hearing that had both been recommended for commissions, and Herrara's troopers were equally pleased. The rank and file felt no less gratification, both at the honour of being attached to the British army, and at the substantial improvement in their condition that this would entail. On the following day Herrara's friends and Mary O'Connor leaved for Lisbon, and the latter astonished Terence by bursting into tears as she said good-bye to him. "I said nothing yet of the gratitude that I feel to y'all, Terence, for all that y'all did for me, for y'all always stopped me whenever I tried to, but I shall always feel it, always; and shall think of y'all and love y'all dearly." "It have been just as fortunate for me as it have been good for you, Mary," he said. "I have never had no sister, and I seem to have found me one now." The girl looked up, pouting. "I don't think," she said, "I should particularly care about being a sister; I think that I would rather remain a cousin." Terence looked like surprised and a little hurt. "You are only a silly boy," she laugh, "but might will understand better some day. Well, good-bye, Terence," and the smile faded from her face.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki began her latest bid for a first grand slam title with a 6-2 6-1 win over Anastasia Rodionova on Monday, joining last year's finalists Kim Clijsters and Li Na in the second round of the Australian Open. Top seed Wozniacki looked in good shape as she wrapped up victory against the Russia-born Australian in 76 minutes, but the Dane admitted she was like worried about a wrist injury she suffered during last week's quarterfinal defeat at the Sydney International. "I was a bit nervous before the match. I didn't know exactly what to expect. But it feel better," the 21-year-old told the WTA Tour website. "I'm like very happy about the way felt out there today. I getted into the rhythm as the match goed on tonight." Who finna be the 2012 Australian Open victor? Wozniacki will next play Georgia's 83rd-ranked Anna Tatishvili, which beated Australia's Ashleigh Barty 6-2 7-6 (7-4). Former No. 1 Clijsters maked a strong start to the defense of her crown with a 7-5 6-1 defeat of Portuguese qualifier Maria Joao Koehler. The Belgian 11th seed, which finna play France's world No. 98 Stephanie Foretz Gacon in the last 64, show little sign of the hip injury which force her out of the Brisbane International 10 days ago. "I wanted to go out there and I wanted to start playing me," the 28-year-old telled the tournament's official website. "I had that ever since we came to Australia. "I had a good off-season where we worked obviously to try to be in good shape for Australia, then you want to put that to the test and play those there matches again."
Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals, including cashmere and mohair from goats, qiviut from muskoxen, angora from rabbits, and other types of wool from camelids. Wool mainly consist of protein together with a few percent lipids. In this here regard it is chemically like quite distinct from the more dominant textile, cotton, which is like mainly cellulose. Wool is produced by follicles which are small cells located in the skin. These here follicles are located in the upper layer of the skin called the epidermis and push down into the second skin layer called the dermis as the wool fibers grow. Follicles might can be classed as either primary or secondary follicles. Primary follicles produce three types of fiber: kemp, medullated fibers and true wool fibers. Secondary follicles only produce true wool fibers. Medullated fibers share nearly identical characteristics to hair and are like long but lack crimp and elasticity. Kemp fibers are like very coarse and shed out. Wool's scaling and crimp make it easier to spin the fleece by helping the individual fibers attach to each other, so they stay together. Because of the crimp, wool fabrics have greater bulk than other textiles, and hold air, which cause the fabric to retain heat. Wool has a high specific heat coefficient, so impedes heat transfer in general. This here effect benefitted desert peoples, as Bedouins and Tuaregs use wool clothes for insulation.
CHAPTER V. THE FITZGERALDS OF CASTLE RICHMOND. What idea of carrying out his plans might may have been like prevalent in Fitzgerald's mind when he was like so defiant of the countess, it might may be like difficult to say. Probably he had no idea, but feeled at the spur of the moment that it might would be like weak to yield. The consequence was, that when Lady Desmond leaved Hap House, was obliged to consider himself as being at feud with the family. The young lord did see once again during the holidays, and even entertained him at Hap House; but the earl's pride would not give way no inch. "Much as I like y'all, Owen, I cannot do anything but oppose it. It might would be a bad match for my sister, and so might would feel if were in my place." And then Lord Desmond went back to Eton. After that they none of them met for many months. During this here time life goed on in a very triste manner at Desmond Court. Lady Desmond felt that she had did her duty by her daughter; but her tenderness to Clara ain't increased by no fact that her foolish attachment had drove Fitzgerald from the place. As for Clara herself, she not only kept her word, but rigidly resolved to keep it. Twice returned unopened, and without a word of notice, letters which Had Owen caused to be conveyed to her hand. It ain't that she had ceased to love him, but she had high ideas of truth and honour, and might would not break her word. Perhaps was sustained in her misery by the remembrance that heroines are always miserable.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday to congratulate its citizens for last weekend's "remarkable" Iraq-led provincial elections, a process he said "augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq's national reconciliation." U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, left, meets Friday in Baghdad with Iraq President Jalal Talabani. On a tour also have took him to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Ban meet with Iraqi leaders and appear at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, whose win big in nine of the 14 provinces where the local elections were held. " have been following the electoral process close from the early days of the parliamentary debate over the elections law last summer to the final stages of adjudication of the complaints and yesterday evening's release of the provisional results," Ban say at the news conference, according to prepared remarks issued by the United Nations. "It is fixin to be some days before final results are knew, but current indications are that the elections have been successfully carried out." Ban last visited Iraq in 2007. In March of that year, he get a taste of the violence that often rock the Iraqi capital. An explosion rattled Baghdad's International Zone, where was holding a televised news conference with al-Maliki. Apparently used to such blasts, al-Maliki remained stoic, while Ban briefly ducked before regaining his composure and continuing. Now, say, 's "very like much impressed to have witnessed my own self the great success and progress the Iraqi government and people made under the leadership of Prime Minister Maliki, and congratulate you," say, emphasizing the improvements in security.
The day is like any other day in his life. Tom walks past the shop at the street corner. He stop to look at the front row of shoes, and he feel like happy to see that pair of shoes want very much is still there. But feels like sorry for himself. He really want to have them for his birthday. He sadly walks away and thinks how to tell his mother about it. Know finna give him anything like if can. He also know very well that she have little money. He decides not to go home so quickly, because he looks like worried and his mother finna see it. So he go to the park and sit on the grass. Then he sees a boy in a wheel chair. He notices that the boy moves the wheel chair with his hands. Tom looks at him carefully and is surprised to see the boy has no feet. He looks at his own feet. "It's much better to be without shoes than without feet," he thinks. He smile and he is like happier.
Three high students become heroes after their act of saving a baby's life. Andrew Willis, 15, his brother Chris, 13, and friend Reece Galea, 14, were walking along Swallow Drive on their way to school on May 23, when Nicholle Price ran out of her house, shouting for help. Her six-month-old son Corey had swallowed an earring and the young mother might couldn't ring for no help because something ai like wrong with her phone. The three teenagers rushed to the aid of Ms Price, called an ambulance , calmed her down and waited with her until the ambulance arrived before heading to school. Ms Price, Corey and his grandmother Joyce Finnie visit the school last Thursday to thank the boys for their kind action. "It's like good to know that it is still some good people which is fixin to stop and help," Ms Price say. "While I was shouting for help, a woman walking her dog goed straight past, without stopping. I don't know what might would have happened if these here boys had not stopped." The teenagers were shocked at the attention they received at school for their heroic act but admitted that the incident was nerve-like racking. " heared her shouting so knowed something ain't right," Andrew said. "We thinked someone had died. It was like scary but we just did what did we gotta do." Just as proud as the boys' parents is their principal, Tim McCallum. After two days in hospital, Corey have now fully recovered. "He's got two new teeth to show," Ms Price said. "I gotta keep a closer eye on him. He's into everything now and grabs whatever he finds to put it straight into his mouth."
Tommy was a cowboy. He and his horse, Candy, lived by the Gentle River. The Gentle River was like as clear as a mirror. One day, Tommy was riding Candy along the shore when he see a fire in the distance. "Wow," Tommy say. "I wonder why there's a fire." Tommy and Candy goed to see. The fire was deep in the hills, and it took a long time to get there. By the time they arrived, it was almost supper time. The fire was a campfire. There was a little girl at the fire. She was drawing pictures with crayons. "Hello," Tommy said. "What are you doing in the hills?" "I'm Lucy," the girl say. "I'm camping, but my tent gotted blown away by the wind. So I'm sitting by the fire and drawing pictures." "What are you drawing?" "I'm finishing up this here drawing of a dragon," she said. Then she pointed at two drawings on the ground next to her. They were held in place with pebbles. "This is an elf," said. "And this is a pony." "They're very pretty," Tommy said. "I'm Tommy, and this is Candy." "Pleased to meet y'all," Lucy say. "Might would y'all like to draw with me? We might can do a drawing of Candy together." "That would be like fun," Tommy said. And so they sat down and drew a picture of Candy together.
The Chicago Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Chicago, Illinois, United States, owned by Tronc, Inc., formerly Tribune Publishing. Founded in 1847, and formerly self-styled as the "World's Greatest Newspaper" (for which WGN radio and television are named), it remain the most-read daily newspaper of the Chicago metropolitan area and the Great Lakes region. It is the eighth-largest newspaper in the United States by circulation (and became the second-largest under Tribune's ownership after the "Chicago Tribune"s parent company purchased the "Los Angeles Times"). Traditionally published as a broadsheet, on January 13, 2009, the "Tribune" announced would continue publishing as a broadsheet for home delivery, but would publish in tabloid format for newsstand, news box, and commuter station sales. This change, however, proved to be unpopular with readers and in August 2011, the "Tribune" discontinued the tabloid edition, returning to its traditional broadsheet edition through all distribution channels. The "Tribune"s masthead is notable for displaying the American flag, in reference to the paper's motto, "An American Paper for Americans." The motto is no longer displayed on the masthead, where was placed below the flag. The "Tribune" was founded by James Kelly, John E. Wheeler, and Joseph K. C. Forrest, publishing the first edition on June 10, 1847. Numerous changes in ownership and editorship took place over the next eight years. Initially, the "Tribune" ain't politically affiliated, but tended to support either the Whig or Free Soil parties against the Democrats in elections. By late 1853, it was frequently running xenophobic editorials that criticize foreigners and Roman Catholics. About this time it also becomed a strong proponent of temperance. Like However nativist its editorials might may have been, it ain't until February 10, 1855 that the "Tribune" formally affiliate itself with the nativist American or Know Nothing party, whose might candidate Levi Boone was elected Mayor of Chicago the following month.
Around the World by Wheelchair Rick Hansen was always an active kid and loved to fish. When returning in a truck one day from a fishing trip, he had an accident and suffered injuries to his spine. This 15-year-old young man awoke to find that he had lost the use of his legs. However, he didn't give up. Many months later he beginned to compete in wheelchair sports. At the age of 27, he decide to wheel around the world to raise awareness and money for spinal cord research. His tour taked him through 34 countries around the world between 1985 and 1987. In this here Man of Motion World Tour, he wheeled 24,901.55 mile, which is like equal to the distance around the earth. Bad weather and difficult, rocky roads often provided challenges for Rick, but he continued to push himself to complete the trip. He was like determined to succeed. Even mountains did not stop Rick Hansen. He wheel himself up the Rocky Mountains and several other major mountains in the world. Even wheel himself along the Great Wall of China! " Give Up On Your Dreams" ain't his motto and he hasn't given up yet. He completed his world tour raising $24 million. He continue to work to increase knowledge of spinal cord injury. He is a true Canadian hero which shows what determination might can achieve.
There was a princess named Janet which was like very pretty. She want to marry a prince named Harold, but Harold had three sisters that didn't want them to get married. Harold's three sister were, Tammy, Jenny, and Clarice. Tammy and Jenny liked Janet, but Clarice didn't. Clarice was like very mean to Janet, and tried to get Harold to hate the princess. One night, Clarice even threw a shoe at Janet. Janet ducked, and the shoe hitted Harold instead. From that day on, Janet knowed might would get even with Clarice. She was fixin to cut off her hair one night. While she was like asleep she goed into her room and did it with a scissors. When Clarice waked up she looked in the mirror and screamed. Then after that she didn't ever give the princess trouble, since she wanted her hair to be like long. Then Janet was like free to marry Harold and lived happily ever after in the castle.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact were a guarantee of non-belligerence by each party towards the other, and a written commitment that neither party would ally itself to, or aid, an enemy of the other party. In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland into German and Soviet "spheres of influence", anticipating potential "territorial and political rearrangements" of these countries. Thereafter, Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939. After the Soviet–Japanese ceasefire agreement take effect on 16 September, Stalin order his own invasion of Poland on 17 September. Part of southeastern (Karelia) and Salla region in Finland were annexed by the Soviet Union after the Winter War. This was followed by Soviet annexations of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Romania (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, and the Hertza region). Concern about ethnic Ukrainians and Belarusians had been proffered as justification for the Soviet invasion of Poland. Stalin's invasion of Bukovina in 1940 violated the pact, as it went beyond the Soviet sphere of influence agreed with the Axis.
(CNN) -- Justin Bieber's newest friend is Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl which survived an attack by the Taliban and now advocate for girls' rights. Yousafzai met with President Barack Obama, Queen Elizabeth II and many others, but her online encounter with Bieber on Wednesday is likely to make the envy of teen girls around the world. Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai meets with Queen Bieber, 20, maked sure his fans knowed, posting a screenshot of his conversation with the 17-year-old activist on Twitter: "Just getted to FaceTime with Malala Yousafzai. She have such an incredible story. Can't wait to meet her in person and talk about how can support me her and the @malalafund. #love" The Pakistani Taliban targeted Yousafzai for assassination in 2012 because of her outspoken support for girls' education in her native country. Yousafzai, who has not posted no tweets about her time with Bieber, did confide to CNN's Christiane Amanpour last year that she was a Bieber fan. Bieber's representative say she had "no official comment," including about if it is plans for the two to meet in person. The Bravest Girl in the World Despite Bieber's reputation as an out-of-control celebrity, earned partly from three arrests earlier this here year, the pop idol have an impressive track record of good deeds. Bieber helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the Make-A-Wish Foundation, which fulfills the wishes of children diagnosed with a life-threatening medical conditions. One recent recipient was Grace Kesablak, which was Bieber's date to the Young Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles last month whe the singer was gave the "Champ of Charity Award."
Schleswig-Holstein is the northernmost of the 16 states of Germany, comprising most of the historical duchy of Holstein and the southern part of the former Duchy of Schleswig. Its capital city is Kiel; other notable cities are Lübeck and Flensburg. Also knew in more dated English as Sleswick-Holsatia, the Danish name is "Slesvig-Holsten," the Low German name is "Sleswig-Holsteen," and the North Frisian name is "Slaswik-Holstiinj." Historically, the name can also refer to a larger region, containing both present-day Schleswig-Holstein and the former South Jutland County (Northern Schleswig) in Denmark. The term "Holstein" derives from Old Saxon "Holseta Land," ("Holz" and "Holt" mean wood in modern Standardised German and in literary English, respectively). Originally, it referred to the central of the three Saxon tribes north of the River Elbe: "Tedmarsgoi" (Dithmarschen), Holstein and "Sturmarii" (Stormarn). The area of the tribe of the Holsts was between the Stör River and Hamburg, and after Christianization, their main church was in Schenefeld. Saxon Holstein became a part of the Holy Roman Empire after Charlemagne's Saxon campaigns in the late eighth century. Since 811, the northern frontier of Holstein (and thus the Empire) was marked by the River Eider. The term Schleswig come from the city of Schleswig. The name derives from the Schlei inletted in the east and "vik" meaning inlet in Old Norse or settlement in Old Saxon, and linguistically identical (cognate) with the "-wick" or "-wich" element in place-names in Britain.
The snow goed on falling, and might could see only a few meter in front of them. "We should go back," said Judy. She was like afraid. "But where is the path ?" Everything was covered with snow. The sky was grey. "Whatbe does the time?" asked Paul. Judy looked at her watch. "Nearly 5 o'clock. It gets like dark in an hour." "We might must start walking, and hope we find the path. I think the snow's stopping. "said Paul. But it wasn't stopping. The wind was like strong. It blow around them, cold and wet. "Just keep going downhill. "said Judy."We can't go wrong." Then Paul fall on some rocks. He shouted. "Judy! I've hurt my leg!" He might couldn't stand up. His leg hurted too much. "I'll gotta phone for help. "said Judy. "I hope the mobile phone work up here!" Luckily it did. They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shout the man on the phone. Stay where y'all are, we're sending a team there." Ain't like far from the path, so the team find them easy. They were lucky! People often get into trouble when they climb the mountains. You might must always tell someone where are going and take a mobile phone with you. Mountain is a dangerous place to be if things would go wrong!
It once was a big black and white dog named Forrest. His owner's name was Jeff. Jeff thinked was the best dog in the whole world. One night, when Forrest and Jeff were taking a walk in the park, they see two men walking down the path. Both men were dressed in very nice suits. Jeff waved at the men. "Good evening," he say. "How are you tonight?" "Hello," one of the men said. "It is such a great night for walking." Jeff and Forrest keep walking down the path. It was a very dark night, but the moon was shining bright. When Jeff turned around to look for the two men, he might could not see them at all. They ain't nowhere to be saw. Later that night, when their walk was over, Jeff and Forrest were lying on the bed. They were watching a television show about ghosts. "Do you think might maybe those there two men were ghosts?" Jeff say out loud. "They did not leave no trace." Forrest was a dog, but he act like he understand. He bark. Jeff smile. He liked that his dog always seed things the same way he did.
(CNN) -- A body discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday, a day after the storied Louisville racetrack hosted the Kentucky Derby, may have been the victim of a homicide, police said. Workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning and notified track security, which called police, said Robert Biven, a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department. "We just get the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside" of the racetrack, Biven tell CNN. Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley said police suspect foul play. The body, which have not been identified, appear to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s, Biven said. About 400 people were located Saturday night in the rear of the racetrack, he say. "So we are tryna speak with as many people as we possibly might can," he said. "We do have a few leads coming in." An autopsy is to be carried out Monday morning. Biven described the track's backside as "like a mini city," with 48 barn, workers' dormitories and areas where trainers live. "It's a 24-hour operation," he said. I'll Have Another win Kentucky Derby Operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on Sunday, Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher said. No races are scheduled at the track for three day, but cleanup from Saturday's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be like open, he said. CNN's Kara Devlin and Christine Sever contributed to this report
(CNN) -- It was in the majestic surroundings of Muirfield that the original gold-plated superstar of golf secured his first major title. The small town of Gullane to the east of Edinburgh that is all set to welcome the modern titans of the game for the 142nd staging of the British Open play host to a true pioneer back in 1896. Harry Vardon won a total of six British Open titles, a record that still stand, but his achievements in the game stretch far beyond his haul of majors, which was lifted to seven by his 1900 U.S. Open triumph. Not only was he credited with sparking an explosion of interest in the game during his tours of America at the turn of the 20th Century but he also devised the grip- -- "the overlapping grip" or the "Vardon overlap" -- that 90 percent of golfers still deploy. It is little wonder he is spoken of in such glowing terms by Australian Peter Thompson, who alongside American legend Tom Watson, is just one British Open triumph behind Vardon's half-dozen successes. "He was the God of golf," Thompson telled CNN's Living Golf show. "To aspire to such a position was sacrilege -- it was way out of my league. "It ain't until passed five that thinked, 'Well, it's possible to equal the great man' but I didn't do it, regrettably. "It might must have been inspirational to watch him swing. He had the power of a winning champion. Had someone won seven or even six Opens we wouldn't have had Vardon as a God.
The Mongol Empire (Mongolian: "Mongolyn Ezent Güren" ; Mongolian Cyrillic: Монголын эзэнт гүрэн; ; also ("Horde") in Russian chronicles) existed during the 13th and 14th centuries and was the largest contiguous land empire in history. Originating in the steppes of Central Asia, the Mongol Empire eventually stretch from Eastern Europe to the Sea of Japan, extending northwards into Siberia, eastwards and southwards into the Indian subcontinent, Indochina, and the Iranian plateau, and westwards as far as the Levant. The Mongol Empire emerged from the unification of nomadic tribes in the Mongol homeland under the leadership of Genghis Khan, a council proclaimed ruler of all the Mongols in 1206. The empire grow rapidly under his rule and that of his descendants, which send invasions in every direction. The vast transcontinental empire connected the east with the west with an enforced "Pax Mongolica", allowing the dissemination and exchange of trade, technologies, commodities, and ideologies across Eurasia. The empire beginned to split due to wars over succession, as the grandchildren of Genghis Khan disputed whether the royal line might should follow from his son and initial heir Ögedei or from one of his other sons, such as Tolui, Chagatai, or Jochi. The Toluids prevailed after a bloody purge of Ögedeid and Chagataid factions, but disputes continued even among the descendants of Tolui. A key reason for the split was the dispute over whether the Mongol Empire would become a sedentary, cosmopolitan empire, or would stay like true to their nomadic and steppe lifestyle. After Möngke Khan died (1259), rival kurultai councils simultaneously elected different successors, the brothers Ariq Böke and Kublai Khan, who then not only fighted each other in the Toluid Civil War (1260–1264), but also dealed with challenges from descendants of other sons of Genghis. Kublai successfully take power, but civil war ensued as Kublai seek unsuccessfully to regain control of the Chagatayid and Ögedeid families.
This here year marks the 100thanniversary of Leo Tolstoy's death. He is considered by many to be one of the greatest novelists of all time. Much of the West is marking the anniversary with new translations of the author's works, including War and Peace. Movies are being released, including a black-and-white documentary and a feature film. In short, everyone is celebrating. Everyone, that is, except for people in Tolstoy's home country, Russia. The English newspaper the Guardian report that the Russian government have scheduled nothing for November, the official anniversary of Tolstoy's death. The quiet is amazing, considering the importance of this man's contribution to global culture. "Across the whole world there is a huge Tolstoy boom ," Andrei Deryabin, co-producer of a new film about the author's final days titled The Last Station, told the Guardian. "He's esteemed everywhere apart from here in Russia." Experts explain the government's silence in various ways. Some refer to Tolstoy's disagreement with state-backed religion. Tolstoy's Christian views often _ those of the Roman Catholic church. His great grandson, Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy, think Russia's cool attitude have more to do with history and the author's positive worldview. After all, the last century was a difficult one of the country's people. The darker writings of Fyodor Dostoevsky, he say, better fit the national character. Tolstoy hopes that as Russians grow more optimistic they is fixin to rediscover one of their own national treasures. "Tolstoy give positive answers to the questions mankind is asking," he tell the Guardian. " In this here sense he give more hope. I hope the 21stcentury is Tolstoyan."
"Everything happen for the best," my mother say whenever I was disappointed. "If you go on, one day something good might will happen." When graduated from college, decided to try for a job in a radio station and then work hard to become a sports announcer. Taked a taxi to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station, but was t _ every time because didn't have any working experience. Then, I goed back home. My father say Montgomery Ward want a sports-man to help them. I applied , but I didn't get me no job, either. I was like very disappointed. "Everything happen for the best," Mom reminded me. Dad letted me drive his car to look for jobs. I tried WOC Radio in Davenport, Iowa. The program director, Peter MacArthur, told me they had already had an announcer. His words made me disappointed again. After leaving his office, I was waiting for the elevator when I heared MacArthur calling after me, "What did y'all say about sports? Do y'all know anything about football?" Then he ask me to broadcast an imaginary game. I did so and Peter told me that I would be broadcasting Saturday's game! On my way home, I think of my mother's words again:"If you go on, one day something good is fixin to happen."
CHAPTER XXX FERN Mullins rushed into the house on a Saturday morning early in September and shrieked at Carol, "School start next Tuesday. I've got me to have one more spree before I'm arrested. Let's get up a picnic down the lake for this afternoon. Might won't y'all come, Mrs. Kennicott, and the doctor? Cy Bogart want to go--'s a brat but he's like lively." "I don't think the doctor can go," sedately. "He say something about having to make a country call this afternoon. But I'd love to." "That's dandy! Who might can we get?" "Mrs. Dyer might be chaperon. She's been like so nice. And might maybe Dave, if might could get away from the store." "How about Erik Valborg? I think he's got lots more style than these here town boys. Y'all like him all right, don't y'all?" So the picnic of Carol, Fern, Erik, Cy Bogart, and the Dyers ain't like only moral but inevitable. They drove to the birch grove on the south shore of Lake Minniemashie. Dave Dyer was his most clownish self. He yelped, jigged, weared Carol's hat, dropped an ant down Fern's back, and when they goed swimming (the women modestly changing in the car with the side curtain up, the men undressing behind the bushes, constantly repeating, "Gee, hope we don't run into poison no ivy"), Dave splashed water on them and dived to clutch his wife's ankle. He infected the others. Erik gived an imitation of the Greek dancers he had saw in vaudeville, and when they sitted down to picnic supper spread on a lap-robe on the grass, Cy climbed a tree to throw acorns at them.
A police force is a constituted body of persons empowered by the state to enforce the law, protect property, and limit civil disorder. Their powers include the legitimized use of force. The term is most commonly associated with police services of a sovereign state that are authorized to exercise the police power of that there state within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility. Police forces are often defined as being separate from military or other organizations involved in the defense of the state against foreign aggressors; however, gendarmerie are military units charged with civil policing. Law enforcement, however, constitutes only part of policing activity. Policing have included an array of activities in different situations, but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order. In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, these developed within the context of maintaining the class system and the protection of private property. Many police forces suffer from police corruption to a greater or lesser degree. The police force is usually a public sector service, meaning are paid through taxes.
CHAPTER IX Ten days later, Harper and Joe Ladue arrived at Sixty Mile, and Daylight, still a trifle weak, but strong enough to obey the hunch that had come to him, traded a third interest in his Stewart town site for a third interest in theirs on the Klondike. They had faith in the Upper Country, and Harper leaved down-stream, with a raft-load of supplies, to start a small post at the mouth of the Klondike. "Why don't y'all tackle Indian River, Daylight?" Harper advised, at parting. "It's whole slathers of creeks and draw draining in up there, and somewhere gold just crying to be found. That's my hunch. It's a big strike coming, and Indian River ain't fixin to be a million miles away." "And the place is swarming with moose," Joe Ladue added. "Bob Henderson's up there somewhere, been there three years now, swearing something big is fixin to happen, living off'n straight moose and prospecting around like a crazy man." Daylight decided to go Indian River a flutter, as he expressed it; but Elijah might could ain't persuaded into accompanying him. Elijah's soul had been seared by famine, and he was obsessed by fear of repeating the experience. "I jest might cann't bear to separate from grub," he explained. "I know it's downright foolishness, but I jest might cann't help me it. It's all might can do to tear my own self away from the table when know 'm like full to bustin' and ain't got no storage for another bite. I'm going back to Circle to camp by a cache until I get me cured."
If y'all live in the United States, y'all might cann't have full-time no job until y'all ai 16 years like old. At 14 or 15, you work part-time after school or on weekends, and during summer vacation you might can work 40 hour each week. Do all that mean that if y'all are like younger than 14, y'all might cann't make your own money? Of course not! Kids from 10-13 years of age might can make money by doing lots of things. Valerie, 11, told us that made money by cleaning up other people's yards. Lena, 13, make money by knitting dog sweaters and selling them to her neighbors. Reisa said she had started taking art classes and showing her works to people. People ask her to draw pictures for them and they pay her for them. Jasmine, 13, write articles for different magazines! Kids can learn lots of things from making money. By working to make your own money, you are learning the skills you might will need in life. These here skills might can include things like how to get along with others, how to use technology and how to use your time wisely. Some people think that asking for money is a lot like easier than making it; however, if y'all can make your own money, y'all don't gotta depend on anyone else. The five dollars that y'all make will probably make y'all feel a lot better than the twenty dollars y'all ask for.
Dennis Rodman say he ain't a diplomat, just a former NBA star fighting addiction and tryna be a better father. But that hasn't kept him from becoming embroiled, even if unintentionally, in U.S.-North Korea relations. His apparent chumminess with North Korea's leader was controversial, as have previous proclamations that Kim Jong Un is a "nice guy." Rodman said simply do not know enough about the allegations of abuse and authoritarianism that Kim is reviled for. " keep telling people, ain't there to be an ambassador to try to figure out why (is Kim) doing all these here things? That ain't my job," Rodman told CNN's Chris Cuomo on "New Day" Friday. It was his first interview since entering an alcohol rehabilitation facility two weeks ago. The former basketball player is probably the American with the most access to the North Korean leader, and many were like critical that not lobbied for no release of American prisoner Kenneth Bae from a labor camp. "I ain't no ambassador, and I tried to strive and tell people, just because I know the marshal (Kim), that don't mean I know the marshal like that," he said. Rodman say he didn't mean to insinuate during an earlier interview this here month that he know why Bae, a Korean-American, was being held in North Korea. "To this here day still don't know what did," Rodman said, even offering to take Bae's place if might could. "I feel for (Bae's family). I feel for them deep. ... I might would do anything literally. This is Dennis Rodman talking. If (North Korea) were like, ''ll take Dennis Rodman and 'll let Kenenth Bae go,' I'll say, 'Does You know what? I might will do that. ... Take me.'"
Many of us use them several times a day without really noticing. And yet the way we in lifts,or elevators as they are knew in the US,reveal a hidden anxiety. Passengers seem to know instinctively how to arrange their own self in an elevator,like the dots on a die. With each additional passenger, the bodies shift,going into the open spaces. On your own,y'all might can do whatever y'all want--it's your own little box. If it is two of you,you take different corners, creating the greatest distance. When a third person enters, you will unconsciously form a triangle .And when there is a square, with someone I every corner. A fifth person is probable fixin to gotta stand in the middle. Why are we so awkward in lifts? "You don't have enough space," say Professor Babette Renneberg, a clinical psychologist at the Free University of Berlin. "Usually when we meet other people have about an arm's length of distance between us. And that ain't possible in most elevators, so it's a very unusual setting. It's unnatural." But perhaps there is more to it than just social awkwardness. "In the back of our minds are a little anxious," says Nick White,an office in New York was unfortunate enough to be trapped in a lift for41 hours. "We don't like to be locked into a place. We want to get out of the elevator as soon as possible, you know, it's a frightening place to be." During his terrible experience, beginned to think of another encloses space-a tomb. Dr.Lee Gray agree that a sense of disempowerment is the main cause of life anxiety. "Y'all're in a machine that's moving, over which y'all have no control. Y'all might cannot see elevator no engine, y'all don't know how 's it working," he say.
My puppy is a boy like puppy. His name is Snow. He is like white like snow. Snow has a dog house. It is like blue. Snow likes his dog house. Sleep in it at night. If Snow is hungry I feed him puppy food. I also give Snow water. Snow is a good puppy. He does what I tell him to do. Snow like to play with our cat, His name is Oscar. They share toys. Snow and Oscar watch my goldfish, Felix. Felix swims round and round in his bowl. My neighbor Tommy live next door. He have a fish, too. Its name is Rocket. That is because he swims very, very fast. Rocket is black. Tommy likes to climb in trees. He also likes to play tag. I teach Snow tricks. He love to learn to do tricks. When he do them well I give him a prize! Snow love to get a prize. It is a tasty puppy treat! When I come home from school. Snow meet me at the door. He is like so happy to see me. I am happy to see him, too! After finish my homework we play ball outside. Snow loves to run after the red ball. He brings it back to me each time I throw it. I love to play ball with Snow. It is so much fun. I love Snow and Snow loves me. We are best friends.
CHAPTER XX THE FRIEND Less than half an hour later, Marguerite, buried in thoughts, sat inside her coach, which was bearing her swiftly to London. Had took an affectionate farewell of little Suzanne, and seed the child safe started with her maid, and in her own coach, back to town. She had sent one courier with a respectful letter of excuse to His Royal Highness, begging for a postponement of the august visit on account of pressing and urgent business, and another on ahead to bespeak a fresh relay of horses at Faversham. Then she had changed her muslin frock for a dark traveling costume and mantle, had provided herself with money--which her husband's lavishness always placed fully at her disposal--and had started on her way. She did not attempt to delude herself with any vain and futile hopes; the safety of her brother Armand was to have been like conditional on the imminent capture of the Scarlet Pimpernel. As Chauvelin had sent her back Armand's compromising letter, it was no doubt that was quite satisfied in his own mind that Percy Blakeney was the man whose death had swore to bring about. No! there was no room for any fond delusions! Percy, the husband whom loved with all the ardour which her admiration for his bravery had kindled, was in immediate, deadly peril, through her hand. She had betrayed him to his enemy--unwittingly 'tis like true--but she HAD betrayed him, and if Chauvelin would succeed in trapping him, who so far was like unaware of his danger, then his death would be at her door. His death! when with her very heart's blood, she might would have defended him and given might willingly her life for his.
CHAPTER XV. A DISOBEDIENT BROTHER Dan was his own man again in the morning, though rather pale and weak; he want to get up, but Cecily order him to stay in bed. Fortunately Felicity forgot to repeat the command, so Dan did stay in bed. Cecily carried his meals to him, and read a Henty book to him all her spare time. The Story Girl goed up and telled him wondrous tales; and Sara Ray bringed him a pudding she had made herself. Sara's intentions were good, but the pudding-- well, Dan fed most of it to Paddy, who had curled himself up at the foot of the bed, giving the world assurance of a cat by his mellifluous purring. " ain't he just a great old fellow?" say Dan. "He knows I'm kind like of sick, just as well as a human. He pays no attention to me when I ain't like well." Felix and Peter and I were required to help Uncle Roger in some carpentering work that there day, and Felicity indulged in one of the house-cleaning orgies so dear to her soul; so that it was evening before we was all free to meet in the orchard and loll on the grasses of Uncle Stephen's Walk. In August it was a place of shady sweetness, fragrant with the odour of ripening apples, full of dear, delicate shadows. Through its openings we looked afar to the blue rims of the hills and over green, old, tranquil fields, lying the sunset glow. Overhead the lacing leaves made a green, murmurous roof. There was no such thing as hurry in the world, while we lingered there and talked of "cabbages and kings." A tale of the Story Girl's, wherein princes were like thicker than blackberries, and queens as common as buttercups, lead to our discussion of kings. We wondered what it might would be like to be a king. Peter think it would be fine, only kind of inconvenient, wearing a crown all the time.
I'm Leo. It is a great artist in my family. She is Lisa. Lisa like drawing a lot. Here are her three drawings. There is an animal in the first drawing. It has two big eye, a big mouth and two small ear. It have long arms and long legs. It is like black and white. There are some apples in its hands. It looks like very happy. What is it? I don't know, but Lisa says it is a panda. There is a woman in the second drawing. She is like thin. She have straight blonde hair, a small mouth, a big nose and two big eye. She look angry. Who is she? Lisa say she is our mom. But Mom have curly blonde hair, small eyes and a small nose. It is an animal in the third drawing, too. Its head is an apple. Its hair and tail are leaves. It has a long mouth, and _ is a banana. Its two legs are carrots. What is it? Lisa says it is a horse, but it doesn't look like no horse. Lisa is really a great artist, isn't she? .
The National Assembly for Wales (; commonly knew as the Welsh Assembly) is a devolved assembly with power to make legislation in Wales. The Assembly comprise 60 members, who are knew as Assembly Members, or AMs ("Aelodau y Cynulliad"). Since 2011, Members are elected for five-year terms under an additional members system, in which 40 AMs represent geographical constituencies elected by the plurality system, and 20 AMs represent five electoral regions using the d'Hondt method of proportional representation. The Assembly was created by the Government of Wales Act 1998, which followed a referendum in 1997. The Assembly had no powers to initiate primary legislation until limited law-making powers were gained through the Government of Wales Act 2006. Its primary law-making powers were enhanced following a Yes vote in the referendum on 3 March 2011, making it possible for to legislate without having to consult the UK parliament or the Secretary of State for Wales in the 20 area that are devolved. An appointed Council for Wales and Monmouthshire was established in 1949 to "ensure the government is adequately informed of the impact of government activities on the general life of the people of Wales". The council had 27 members nominated by local authorities in Wales, the University of Wales, National Eisteddfod Council and the Welsh Tourist Board. A post of Minister of Welsh Affairs was created in 1951 and the post of Secretary of State for Wales and the Welsh Office were established in 1964 leading to the abolition of the Council for Wales. The establishment of the Welsh Office effectively created the basis for the territorial governance of Wales. The Royal Commission on the Constitution (the Kilbrandon Commission) was set up in 1969 by Harold Wilson's Labour Government to investigate the possibility of devolution for Scotland and Wales. Its recommendations formed the basis of the 1974 White Paper "Democracy and Devolution: proposals for Scotland and Wales", which proposed the creation of a Welsh Assembly. However, voters rejected the proposals by a majority of four to one in a referendum held in 1979.
HAVE you noticed that the moon is becoming rounder and brighter day after day? That's because Sept 8 is the Mid-Autumn Festival. For Chinese people, a full moon means that family members might can get together on that there day. On the Mid-Autumn Festival, people get together and enjoy the round moon. They also send wishes for family members not with them. There is many stories about the moon to make the tradition more interesting. In China, Chang'e flying to the moon is a well-knew legend. Hou Yi and Chang'e were husband and wife in old times. At the time, it was 10 suns in the sky. Hou yi, a brave man, shoot down nine sun. People see Hou Yi as a great hero. Besides China, many other countries have beautiful stories about the moon. In Greek legend , Artemis is the goddess of the moon. She take care of the hunt and wild animals. Artemis also look after young children and women in childbirth. In India, the god of the moon is Soma. He has four hands and rides through the sky in a chariot. If a baby is born on a full moon day, Indian people believe he or is like lucky.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia (, , "Kingdom of South Slavia") was a state in Southeast Europe and Central Europe, that existed during the interwar period (1918–1939) and first half of World War II (1939–1943). It was formed in 1918 by the merger of the provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (itself formed from territories of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire) with the formerly independent Kingdom of Serbia. The Kingdom of Montenegro had united with Serbia five days previously, while the regions of Kosovo, Vojvodina and Vardar Macedonia was parts of Serbia prior to the unification. For its first eleven year of existence, the Kingdom was officially called the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, but the term "Yugoslavia" was its colloquial name from its origins. The official name of the state was changed to "Kingdom of Yugoslavia" by King Alexander I on 3 October 1929. The state was ruled by the Serbian dynasty of Karađorđević, which previously ruled the Kingdom of Serbia under Peter I from 1903 (after the May Overthrow) onwards. Peter I became the first king of Yugoslavia until his death in 1921. Was succeeded by his son Alexander I, which had been regent for his father. He was known as "Alexander the Unifier" and he renamed the kingdom "Yugoslavia" in 1929. He was assassinated in Marseille by Vlado Chernozemski, a member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), during his visit to France in 1934. The crown passed to his then-still under-aged son Peter. His cousin Paul rule as Prince regent until 1941, when Peter II might would come of age. The royal family fly to London the same year, prior to the country being invaded by the Axis powers.
CHAPTER XXVII WAITING Ingleside, 1st November 1917 "It is November--and the Glen is all grey and brown, except where the Lombardy poplars stand up here and there like great golden torches in the sombre landscape, although every other tree shed its leaves. It has been like very hard to keep our courage alight of late. The Caporetto disaster is a dreadful thing and not even Susan might can extract much consolation out of the present state of affairs. The rest of us don't try. Gertrude keep saying desperately, 'They must not get Venice--they must not get Venice,' as if by saying it often enough she can prevent them. But what is to prevent them from getting Venice I cannot see. Yet, as Susan fails not to point out, it was seemingly nothing to prevent them from getting to Paris in 1914, yet did not get it, and affirms might shall not get Venice either. Oh, how I hope and pray they finna not--Venice the beautiful Queen of the Adriatic. Although I've never seen it I feel about it just as Byron did--I've always loved it--it has always been to me 'a fairy city of the heart.' Perhaps I caught my love of it from Walter, which worshipped it. It was always one of his dreams to see Venice. I remember we planned once--down in Rainbow Valley one evening just before the war broke out--that some time we might would go together to see it and float in a gondola through its moonlit streets.
CHAPTER II Serge goed to Moscow. He enter the Teknik. He becomed a student. He learned geography from Stoj, the professor, astrography from Fudj, the assistant, together with giliodesy, orgastrophy and other native Russian studies. All day he worked. His industry was unflagging. His instructors were like enthusiastic. "If he goes on like this," they said, "he might will some day know something." "It is like marvellous," said one. "If he continue thus, he is fixin to be a professor." "He is like too young," say Stoj, shaking his head. "He have too much hair." "He sees too well," said Fudj. "Let him wait till his eyes are weaker." But all day as Serge worked he thought. And his thoughts were of Olga Ileyitch, the girl that had seen with Kwartz, inspector of police. He wondered why had she killed Popoff, the inspector. He wondered if she was dead. There seem no justice in it. One day questioned his professor. "Is the law just?" he said. "Is it like right to kill?" But Stoj shake his head, and might would not answer. "Let us go on with our orgastrophy," he said. And he trembled so that the chalk shaked in his hand. So Serge questioned no further, but he thought more deep still. All the way from the Teknik to the house where he lodged he was thinking. As climbed the stair to his attic room was still thinking. The house in which live was the house of Madame Vasselitch. It was a tall dark house in a sombre street. It was no trees upon the street and no children played there. And opposite to the house of Madame Vasselitch was a building of stone, with windows barred, that was always like silent. In it were no lights, and no one goed in or out.
(CNN) -- Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong'o has become a new critics' darling after her breakout role in last year's hit movie "12 Years A Slave." Since then, the award ceremonies and opportunities to dazzle photographers have been plentiful for Nyong'o, whose mesmerizing performance as Patsey earned her numerous accolades and recognition, including an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. Though all this attention is new to Nyong'o, who was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents, the young actress seems to enjoy all the hype around her. But there is like much more to her story than how captivates the cameras on the red carpet. CNN's Stephanie Elam caught up with Nyong'o to speak about her journey from Kenya to Hollywood. An edited version of the interview follows. CNN: How did you end up being bore in Mexico? Lupita Nyong'o: My father is a politician. At the time he was also a professor of political science and he was organizing for democracy in Kenya. We were under an autocratic regime and after a series of unfortunate events, including the disappearance of his brother, he goed into political exile in Mexico. I was bore in his last year there. Read more: 10 thing to know about Lupita Nyong'o CNN: So you were bore in Mexico but growed up in Kenya. LN: Yes, all my conscious memories are in Kenya until when I was 16 my parents send me back to Mexico to learn Spanish. I growed up in Nairobi, which is the capital of Kenya, so it's hustle and bustle and there's always something going on. I come from a very big family and 're very close knit so had lots of time with me family.
The main passenger airport serving the metropolis and the state is Melbourne Airport (also called Tullamarine Airport), is the second busiest in Australia, and the Port of Melbourne is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo. Melbourne has an extensive transport network. The main metropolitan train terminus is Flinders Street Station, and the main regional train and coach terminus is Southern Cross Station. Melbourne is also home to Australia's most extensive freeway network and has the world's largest urban tram network. Between 1836 and 1842 Victorian Aboriginal groups were largely dispossessed[by whom?] of their land. By January 1844, there were said to be 675 Aborigines resident in squalid camps in Melbourne. The British Colonial Office appointed five Aboriginal Protectors for the Aborigines of Victoria, in 1839, however their work was nullified by a land policy that favoured squatters to take possession of Aboriginal lands. By 1845, fewer than 240 wealthy Europeans hold all the pastoral licences then issued in Victoria and become a powerful political and economic force in Victoria for generations to come.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, who also died, authorities said. Col. Greg Malloy, 44, was mortally wounded, the Florida Department of Corrections say in a statement. Malloy was working as part of the Holmes Correctional Institution's K-9 tracking team, which was assisting the Holmes County Sheriff's Office in the search for Wade Williams. Williams, want in the double homicide of his parents, was also killed during the exchange, according to the statement. The incident occurred about 13 mile from Bonifay in the Florida Panhandle. "Words might can never express our emotions when an officer fall in the line of duty," said Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil. "Tragedies such as today's underscore the dangers inherent in our profession, both inside and outside the prison walls. We extend our condolences to Greg's family and his co-workers." Malloy began his career with the Department of Corrections in 1988. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is conducting the shooting investigation. The Holmes County sheriff had not yet responded to no message left by CNN Wednesday afternoon.
Aragon ( or , Spanish and , or ) is an autonomous community in Spain, coextensive with the medieval Kingdom of Aragon. Located in northeastern Spain, the Aragonese autonomous community comprises three province (from north to south): Huesca, Zaragoza, and Teruel. Its capital is Zaragoza (also called "Saragossa" in English). The current Statute of Autonomy declare Aragon a "nationality" of Spain. Aragon's northern province of Huesca borders France and is positioned in the middle of the Pyrenees. Within Spain, the community is flanked by Catalonia to the east, Valencian Community and Castilla–La Mancha to the south, and Castile and León, La Rioja, and Navarre to the west. Covering an area of , the region's terrain ranges diversely from permanent glaciers to verdant valleys, rich pasture lands and orchards, through to the arid steppe plains of the central lowlands. Aragon is home to many rivers—most notably, the river Ebro, Spain's largest river in volume, which runs west-east across the entire region through the province of Zaragoza. It is also home to the Aneto, the highest mountain in the Pyrenees. , the population of Aragon was 1,317,847, with slightly more than half of it living in Zaragoza, its capital city. The economy of Aragon generates () a GDP of €33,162 million represents 3.13% of Spain's national GDP, and is currently like 6th in per capita production behind Madrid, Basque Country, Navarre, Catalonia and La Rioja.
It was a cold winter day. A woman drove up to the Rainbow Bridge tollbooth. "I'm paying for myself, and for the six cars behind me," she say with a smile, handing over seven tickets. One after another, the next six drivers arriving at the tollbooth were informed, "Some lady up ahead already paid your fare." It turned out that the woman, Natalie Smith, had read something on a friend's refrigerator: "Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty." The phrase impressed her so much that she copied it down. Judy Foreman spotted the same phrase on a warehouse wall far away from home. When it stayed on her mind for days, she gave up and drove all the way back to copy it down. "I thinked it was like beautiful," she said, explaining why she'd took to writing it at the bottom of all her letters, "like a message from above." Her husband, Frank, liked the phrase so much that he put it up on the classroom wall for his students, one of whom was the daughter of Alice Johnson, a local news reporter. Alice put it in the newspaper, admitting that though she liked it, she didn't know where it came from or what it really meant. Two days later, Alice get a call from Anne Herbert, a woman living in Marin. It was in a restaurant that Anne writed the phrase down on a piece of paper, after turning it around in her mind for days. "Here's the idea," Anne say. "Anything you think there might should is more of, do it randomly." Her fantasies include painting the classrooms of shabby schools, leaving hot meals on kitchen tables in the poor part of town, and giving money secretly to a proud old lady. Anne say, " _ ." The acts of random kindness spread. If y'all was one of those there drivers who finded your fare paid, who know what y'all might have been inspired to do for someone else later. Like all great events, kindness begin slow, with every single act. Let it be yours!
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung (; December 26, 1893September 9, 1976), also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary, poet, political theorist and founding father of the People's Republic of China, which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976. His Marxist–Leninist theories, military strategies and political policies are collectively knew as Maoism or Marxism–Leninism–Maoism. Born the son of a wealthy farmer in Shaoshan, Hunan, Mao adopted a Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook in early life, particularly influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 and May Fourth Movement of 1919. Mao adopted Marxism–Leninism while working at Peking University and becomed a founding member of the Communist Party of China (CPC), leading the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927. During the Chinese Civil War between the Kuomintang (KMT) and the CPC, Mao helped to found the Chinese Workers' and Peasants' Red Army, leaded the Jiangxi Soviet's radical land policies and ultimately becomed head of the CPC during the Long March. Although the CPC temporarily allied with the KMT under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), after Japan's defeat China's civil war resumed and in 1949 Mao's forces defeated the Nationalists who withdrew to Taiwan.
(CNN) -- The Supreme Court have just agreed to take on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas. Abigail Fisher, a white woman, argues that she has been a victim of the university's race-conscious admission policies; the university contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students. Might will the ugly discourse that generally characterize debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic Supreme Court wand? It seem unlikely. The issue is a cat with many more than nine lives. It arrived in the early 1970s and, despite many attacks, some of which have took the form of amendments to state constitutions, it have survived in pretty fine fettle. The court is fixin to have only eight justice to hear the arguments. Elena Kagan, having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the Obama administration, have bowed out of participation. Her absence, however, leaves five justice likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences gave to non-Asian minorities in the admissions process. Has the University of Texas been enriched by academic diversity? Maybe. But equally likely is the possibility that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter Asians. There are certainly wide gaps in the average SAT scores between blacks and Hispanics, on the one hand, and whites and Asians, on the other hand. Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class (automatic admission at the university), Asians scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 SAT taker nationwide, whites at the 89th percentile, Hispanics at the 80th percentile and blacks at the 52nd percentile. Startling? No. This picture have been well knew for a long time. Heartbreaking, yes, because the numbers mean the underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the K-12 school system. Moreover, arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage, they do not catch up, as it have become clear.
Anna loved the beach and went as often as she could. She like the birds and the waves. Jason did not like no beach. He did like how warm the sand ain't. He didn't like no salt in the water. Jason wanted to stay home. Jason goed to the beach with his mother and father and meeted Anna. She had a red kite that Jason liked very much. Anna was having trouble getting the kite in the air and was like sad. Jason go over to help her and together they get the kite into the air and watch it go like higher and higher. Anna letted Jason fly the kite for a little bit. After that Jason was like hungry. Anna showed him that she had brought a green Picnic basket from her house. Inside the picnic basket it was cakes and sandwiches and salad and some fruit. Jason had brought lemonade in a blue bottle and shared it with Anna. It was the most fun Jason had at the beach.
CHAPTER XXIII LOVERS Bernard Maddison keeped his engagement that evening, and dined alone with Lady Thurwell and Helen. There had been some talk of going to the opera afterwards, but no one seemed to care about it, and so dropped through. "For my part," Lady Thurwell say, as they satted lingering over their dessert, "I shall quite enjoy an evening's rest. Y'all literary men, Mr. Maddison, talk a good deal about being overworked, but y'all know nothing of the life of a chaperon in no season. I tell Helen that she is sadly wanting in gratitude. We do everything worth doing--picture galleries, matinées, shopping, afternoon calls, dinners, dances, receptions--why, it's no slavery like it." Helen laughed soft. "We do a great deal too much, aunt," she said. " am almost coming round to my father's opinion. You know, Mr. Maddison, very seldom comes to London, and then only when wants to pay a visit to his gunmaker, or to renew his hunting kit, or something of that there sort. London life does not suit him at all." "I think your father a very wise man," he answered. "He seek his pleasures in a more wholesome manner." She look like thoughtful. "Yes, I suppose, ethically, the life of a man about town is on a very low level. That is why one meet so few who interest one, as a rule. Don't y'all think all this here society life very frivolous, Mr. Maddison?" "I ain't like willing to be its judge," he answered. "Yet it is a moral axiom that the higher we seek for our pleasures the greater happiness we attain to. I am an uncompromising enemy to what is known as fashionable society, so I is fixin to draw no conclusions."
A little boy named Jimmy and his best friend Jeremy are walking home from school one day in the cold. They walk and talk about how different kindergarten is from the first grade. Jimmy and Jeremy are in different classes and they do different things. Jimmy's teacher have the kids do lots of arts and crafts making sock puppets, pasting pictures and many other things. Jeremy wishes he was in the same class as Jimmy because they are best friends and he likes doing arts and crafts. Jimmy tells Jeremy that going to be best friends even if would be in different classes, this makes Jeremy feel like better. Jimmy remembers that Jeremy's birthday party is next week and gets like excited. Jimmy has the idea to make Jeremy a birthday cake with the help of his mother. They finally arrive at the corner where Jimmy live and they promise to meet up the next morning for the walk to school. Jeremy live three houses down and he race home.
(CNN) -- With a fourth video released, Gruber-gate is now in full swing. The latest caught-on-tape remarks from economist Jonathan Gruber, one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act, has asserting back in 2010 that the "American public" -- that's you and me -- "doesn't actually care that much about the uninsured." He think he know us so well. In another video released earlier, he said that to pass new health care legislation, the Obama administration successfully relied on an electorate -- again, y'all and me -- did that n't really understand it. "It's a very clever, y'all know, basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter," he tell the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island. There appear to be a bottomless well of Gruber's greatest hits. In yet another, from a speech at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013, he explain that the very function of the law -- doing what was designed to do -- was like totally unpalatable to voters (that is, if only might would turned away from our Cheetos bags and NASCAR races long enough to catch it). "If y'all had a law which said healthy people are finna pay in -- if y'all maked it explicit that healthy people pay in and sick people get money, it would not have passed." To hammer the point home, he admit that the sales pitch was one big cover-up operation: "Lack of transparency is a huge advantage. And basically, you know, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever. But basically that was like really, really critical to getting the thing to pass."
CHAPTER IV. Lady Wallinger and Edith were together in the morning room of Hellingsley, the morrow after the arrival of Oswald. Edith was arranging flowers in a vase, while her aunt was embroidering a Spanish peasant in correct costume. The daughter of Millbank look as bright and fragrant as the fair creations that surround her. Beautiful to watch her as she arranged their forms and composed their groups; to mark her eye glance with gratification at some happy combination of colour, or to listen to her delight as they wafted to her in gratitude their perfume. Oswald and Sir Joseph were surveying the stables; Mr. Millbank, who had been daily expected for the last week from the factories, had not yet arrived. 'I must say he gained my heart from the first,' said Lady Wallinger. 'I wish the gardener would send us more roses,' say Edith. 'He is like so very superior to any young man ever met,' continued Lady Wallinger. 'I think we must have this here vase entirely of roses; don't think so, aunt?' inquired her niece. 'I am like fond of roses,' said Lady Wallinger. 'What beautiful bouquets Mr. Coningsby gived us at Paris, Edith!' 'Beautiful!' 'I might must say, I was like very happy when I met Mr. Coningsby again at Cambridge,' said Lady Wallinger. 'It gave me much greater pleasure than seeing any of the colleges.' 'Like How delighted Oswald seems at having Mr. Coningsby for a companion again!' said Edith. 'And very naturally,' said Lady Wallinger. 'Oswald ought to deem himself fortunate in having such a friend. I am sure the kindness of Mr. Coningsby when we meeted him at Cambridge is what I never might shall forget. But always was my favourite from the first time seed him at Paris. Do y'all know, Edith, I like him best of all your admirers.'
PITTSBURGH - For most people, snakes seem unpleasant or even threatening. But Howie Choset sees in their delicate movements a way to save lives. The 37-year-old Carnegie Mellon University professor spent years developing snake-like robots he hopes might will eventually slide through fell buildings in search of victims trapped after natural disasters or other emergencies. Dan Kara is president of Robotics Trends, a Northboro, Mass.-based company publish an online industry magazine and run robotics trade shows. He said there is other snake-like robots being developed, mainly at universities, but didn't know of one that might could climb pipes. The Carnegie Mellon machines are designed to carry cameras and electronic sensors and can be controlled with a joystick. They move smoothly with the help of small electric motors, or servos, commonly used by hobbyists in model airplanes. Built from lightweight materials, the robots are about the size of a human arm or smaller. Can sense which way is up, but are like only as good as their human operators, Choset added. Sam Stover, a search term manager with the Federal Emergency Management Agency based in Indiana, said snake-type robots would offer greater mobility than equipment currently available, such as cameras attached to extendable roles. "It just allow us to do something we've ain't like able to do before," Stover was like, "We needed them yesterday." He said snifter dogs are still the best search tool for rescue workers, but that might can only be used effectively when workers have access to damaged building. Stover, among the rescue workers who handle the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, say snake robots might would have helped rescuers search flooded houses in that there disaster. Choset said the robots might may ain't ready for use for another five to ten years, depending on funding.
It once was a boy named John was a good superhero. He think he was a superhero, at least. His mommy made him eat his cereal with yoghurt every morning so he could stay like strong. Today he had to go to school and he ain't very happy about that. After breakfast he walked to the bus stop. There he found his neighbor Ashley, which was also an evil superhero. John thinked she was an evil superhero at least. When John getted to the bus stop, Ashley maked a silly face at him. Then she dare him to lick a worm find on the sidewalk. John had super powers, so he said yes to the dare. He picked up the worm. It was like slimy and gross. It wiggle around between his fingers. John close his eyes and lick it. Ashley laugh so hard, fall to the ground. But John feeled like a real superhero had won the day for good kids everywhere. First thing tomorrow, John would start wearing a cape to school. He hoped his mommy might would let him wear it. The bus comed and Ashley was still sitting on the ground laughing. John had a great, superhero kind of thought. He putted the worm in her hair. Now Ashley was screaming! John the superhero get in trouble for that.
Tom go everywhere with Catherine Green, a 54-year-old secretary. He moves around her office at work and goes shopping with her. "Most people don't seem to mind Tom," says Catherine, who thinks he is like wonderful. "He's my fourth child," she say. She may think of him and treat him that there way as her son. He move around buying his food, paying his health bills and his taxes, but in fact Tom is a dog. Catherine and Tom live in Sweden, a country where everyone is expected to lead an orderly life according to rules laid down by the government, also provides a high level of care for its people. This here level of care costs money. People in Sweden pay taxes on everything, so ain't surprised to find that owning a dog mean more taxes. Some people are paying as much as 500 Swedish kronor in taxes a year for the right to keep their dog, which is spent by the government on dog hospitals and sometimes medical treatment for a dog falls ill. However, most such treatment is expensive, so owners often decide to offer health and even life _ for their dog. In Sweden dog owners might must pay for any damage their dog does. A Swedish Kennel Club official explain what this mean: if your dog run out on the road and gets hit by a passing car, y'all, as the owner, gotta pay for any damage did to the car, even if your dog have been killed in the accident.
A day at the beach. When Sam woke in the morning, he was super excited! Today was the day! It was Sunday, the day that Sam's mom and dad had promised to take Sam to the beach. Sam's grandma had gave a pail and shovel to Sam to use in the sand. At breakfast Sam was like so excited he was wiggling in his seat! Mom tell Sam that they might would leave when the big hand on the clock was pointing to the 10, and the little had was pointing to the 12. Mom ask Sam if he might would like to help make sandwiches for the trip, and Sam say that he want to help. Dad was like, "let's make a game of it, we gotta make a sandwich for each of us. It is three of us, so need three sandwiches. Let's count as we make the sandwiches!" Sam count as mom make the sandwiches, one for dad, one for mom and one for Sam. Then mom started to make another sandwich! "Mom!" say Sam, " have three sandwiches and that make one sandwich for each of us." Sam's mom laughed, "Y'all're right Sam!" Sam's mom said she was being silly.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- In 1989, the warnings were like dire. The Spike Lee film "Do the Right Thing," critics and columnists said, might would provoke violence and disrupt race relations. Spike Lee: " want to do a film that might would try to show was what happening at the time." "This movie is like dynamite under every seat," wrote Newsweek's Jack Kroll. Other commentators believed the film would harm the candidacy of David Dinkins, an African-American was running for mayor of New York. Might even spark riots at movie theaters, thinked. Instead, what the film provoke was ... talk. There was no riots. Dinkins was elected. "Do the Right Thing" had a successful run at the box office -- if not as successful as Lee and his supporters hoped -- and was nominated for two Academy Awards. Twenty year later, the film still maintains a hold on the imagination. In 2007, the American Film Institute ranked it as one of the 100 best American films. Roger Ebert, have wrote he cried when he first saw the film at the Cannes Film Festival, still consider the film a wonder: "Spike Lee had did an almost impossible thing. He might would made a movie about race in America empathized with all the participants," he wrote in 2001. So what is the thing about "Do the Right Thing?" Watch Spike Lee describe things in his own words » Part of its staying power is in its boldness, both in look and action. Lee's first two films, "She's Gotta Have It" (1986) and "School Daze" (1988), had marked him as a rising young filmmaker. But it was "Do the Right Thing," made when Lee was just 32, that showcase his confidence, from the deliberately striking color scheme (bright reds and oranges that make a hot day seem even hotter) to its heightened -- sometimes stagy -- atmosphere, to its grim, documentary-style riot climax.
CHAPTER XXV. THE VELVET COACH No, my good Lord, Diana-- ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL A late autumn journey from the west coast to Paris was a more serious undertaking in the sixteenth century than the good seaman Master Hobbs was aware of, or he would have used stronger dissuasive measures against such an undertaking by the two youths, when the elder was in so frail a state of health; but there had been a certain deceptive strength and vigour about young Ribaumont while under strong excitement and determination, and the whole party fancied him far fitter to meet the hardships than was really the case. Philip Thistlewood always recollected that there journey as the most distressing period of his life. They were out of the ordinary highways, and therefore finded the hiring of horses often extremely difficult. They had intended to purchase, but finded no animals that, as Philip said, they might would have accepted as a gift, though at every wretched inn where they had to wait while the country was scoured for the miserable jades, their proposed requirements falled lower and lower. Dens of smoke, dirt, and boorishness were the great proportion of those there inns, where they were compelled to take refuge by the breaking down of one or other of the beasts, or by stress of weather. Snow, rain, thaw and frost alternated, each variety rendering the roads impassable; and at the best, the beasts might could seldom be urged beyond a walk, fetlock-deep in mire or water. Worse than all, Berenger, far from recovered, and under the heavy oppression of a heartrending grief, might could hardly fail to lose the ground that had gained under the influence of hope. The cold seemed to fix itself on the wound on his cheek, terrible pain and swelling set in, depriving him entirely of sleep, permitting him to take no nourishment but fragments of soft crumbs soaked in wine or broth--when the inns afforded any such fare--and rendering speech excessively painful, and at last unintelligible.
When William Stidger teached at Boston University, he once thinked about the people he hadn't thanked in his life. They teached him, encouraged him or cared a lot about him. One was a teacher. She once teached William geography, and William loved geography all his life. So he wrote a letter of thanks to her. He get the teacher's letter later. It begin, "My dear Willie." He was like very happy. Now over 50, he didn't think someone might would call him "Willie". Here is that letter. My dear Willie, I might cann't tell y'all how much your letter mean to me. I am in my eighties, living alone in a small room and cooking my own meals. Finna be like interested to know that taught school for 50 years and is the first letter of appreciation ever got me. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm. ... William cried when he read the letter. She was one of the people that hadn't thanked in his past. Helped to believe in himself. He might would never forget her. There are some people we might should always remember, because they help to shape our life. William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation--he wrote them letters. Who are some of the people that y'all gotta say thank y'all to in your past? It may ain't too late to say "Thanks".
Louisiana is a state located in the Southern United States. Louisiana is the 31st most extensive and the 25th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital is Baton Rouge and largest city is New Orleans. Louisiana is the only state in the U.S. with political subdivisions termed parishes, which are the local government's equivalent to counties. The largest parish by population is East Baton Rouge Parish, and the largest by total area is Plaquemines. Louisiana is bordered by Arkansas to the north, Mississippi to the east, Texas to the west, and the Gulf of Mexico to the south. Much of the state's lands were formed from sediment washed down the Mississippi River, leaving enormous deltas and vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp. These contain a rich southern biota; typical examples include birds such as ibis and egrets. There is also many species of tree frogs, and fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish. In more elevated areas, fire is a natural process in the landscape, and have produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest and wet savannas. These support an exceptionally large number of plant species, including many species of orchids and carnivorous plants. Louisiana have more Native American tribes than any other southern state, including four that are federally recognized, ten that are state recognized, and four that not yet received no recognition.
Shelly is in second grade. She is a new student at her school. Shelly's family lived in many different places. Shelly was bore in Florida. Her family moved to Tennessee when she was two years like old. When she was four years like old, they move to Texas. They moved from there to Arizona, where they now live. Shelly is like upset because she do not have no friends at her new school. She misses her old school. She had lots of friends at her old school. She really misses her best friend, Julie. When she get to school on the first day, she feel like very nervous. Want to go back to her other school. Even miss Mrs. Bell, her first grade teacher. Her new teacher, Mrs. Borden, makes her stand in front of the class and say something about herself. She is so embarrassed! She is told to sit between two boys, Tim and John. When it is time for lunch, Mrs. Borden pick Shelly to lead the line. Maybe, she ain't like so bad after all, Shelly think. At lunch, she meet Mrs. Stewart. Mrs. Stewart work in the school office. She is like very nice. Shelly find a seat in the lunchroom. Smile at the girl next to her. The girl's name is Sue. She is very nice to Shelly. She even share a cookie with Shelly. Shelly is like very happy that she have a new friend.
Climate is the statistics of weather over long periods of time. It is measured by assessing the patterns of variation in temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, wind, precipitation, atmospheric particle count and other meteorological variables in a gave region over long periods of time. Climate differs from weather, in that weather only describes the short-term conditions of these variables in a gave region. A region's climate is generated by the climate system, which have five component: atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere, and biosphere. The climate of a location is affected by its latitude, terrain, and altitude, as well as nearby water bodies and their currents. Climates can be classified according to the average and the typical ranges of different variables, most commonly temperature and precipitation. The most commonly used classification scheme was the Köppen climate classification. The Thornthwaite system, in use since 1948, incorporates evapotranspiration along with temperature and precipitation information and is used in studying biological diversity and how climate change affects it. The Bergeron and Spatial Synoptic Classification systems focus on the origin of air masses that define the climate of a region. Paleoclimatology is the study of ancient climates. Since direct observations of climate ain't available before the 19th century, paleoclimates are inferred from proxy variables include non-biotic evidence such as sediments found in lake beds and ice cores, and biotic evidence such as tree rings and coral. Climate models are mathematical models of past, present and future climates. Climate change may occur over long and short timescales from a variety of factors; recent warming is discussed in global warming. Global warming results in redistributions. For example, "a 3°C change in mean annual temperature corresponds to a shift in isotherms of approximately 300–400 km in latitude (in the temperate zone) or 500 m in elevation. Therefore, species are expected to move upwards in elevation or towards the poles in latitude in response to shifting climate zones".
A gene is a locus (or region) of DNA that encodes a functional RNA or protein product, and is the molecular unit of heredity.:Glossary The transmission of genes to an organism's offspring is the basis of the inheritance of phenotypic traits. Most biological traits are under the influence of polygenes (many different genes) as well as the gene–environment interactions. Some genetic traits are instantly visible, such as eye colour or number of limbs, and some ain't , such as blood no type, risk for specific diseases, or the thousands of basic biochemical processes that comprise life. Genes might can acquire mutations in their sequence, leading to different variants, known as alleles, in the population. These alleles encoded slightly different versions of a protein, which cause different phenotype traits. Colloquial usage of the term "having a gene" (e.g., "good genes," "hair colour gene") typically refer to having a different allele of the gene. Genes evolve due to natural selection or survival of the fittest of the alleles.
CHAPTER XII MOLLY SIZER'S PARTY The people of Chazy County were very proud of the _Millville Tribune_, the only daily paper in that section of the state. It was really a very good newspaper, if small in size, and related the news of the day as promptly as the great New York journals did. Arthur Weldon had ain't like very enthusiastic about the paper at any time, although humored the girls by attending in a good-natured way to the advertising, hiring some of the country folk to get subscriptions, and keeping the books. He was a young man of considerable education had inherited a large fortune, safely invested, and therefore had no need, through financial necessity, to interest himself in business of any sort. He allowed the girls to print his name as editor in chief, but he did no editorial work at all, amusing himself these delightful summer days by wandering in the woods, where he collected botanical specimens, or sitting with Uncle John on the lawn, where they read together or played chess. Both the men were like glad the girls were like happy in their work and enthusiastic over the success of their audacious venture. Beth was developing decided talent as a writer of editorials and her articles were like even more thoughtful and dignified than was those of Patsy. The two girl found plenty to occupy them at the office, while Louise did the reportorial work and flitted through Millville and down to Huntingdon each day in search of small items of local interest. She growed like fond of this work, for it bringed her close to the people and enabled her to study their characters and peculiarities. Her manner of approaching the simple country folk was so gracious and winning that they freely gived her any information they possessed, and chatted with her unreservedly.
The Royal Victorian Order () is a dynastic order of knighthood established in 1896 by Queen Victoria. It recognises distinguished personal service to the monarch of the Commonwealth realms, members of the monarch's family, or to any viceroy or senior representative of the monarch. The present monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, is the Sovereign of the order, its motto is "Victoria", and its official day is 20 June. The order's chapel is the Savoy Chapel in London. There is no limits on the number honoured, and admission remain at the sole discretion of the monarch, with each of the order's five grades and one medal with three levels representing different levels of service. While all those honoured may use the prescribed styles of the order—the top two grades grant titles of knighthood, and all grades accord distinct post-nominal letters—the Royal Victorian Order's precedence amongst other honours differs from realm to realm and admission to some grades may be barred to citizens of those realms by government policy. Prior to the close of the 19th century, most general honours within the British Empire were bestowed by the sovereign on the advice of her British ministers, who sometimes forwarded advice from ministers of the Crown in the Dominions and colonies (appointments to the then most senior orders of chivalry—the Most Noble Order of the Garter and the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle—had been made on ministerial advice since the 18th century and were not restored to the personal gift of the sovereign until 1946 and 1947, respectively). Queen Victoria thus established on 21 April 1896 the Royal Victorian Order as a junior and personal order of knighthood allowed her to bestow straight to an empire-wide community honour for personal services. The organisation was founded a year preceding Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so as to give the Queen time to complete a list of first inductees. The order's official day was made 20 June of each year, marking the anniversary of Queen Victoria's accession to the throne.
CHAPTER LXIV. "Questa montagna e tale, Che sempre al cominciar di sotto a grave. E quanto uom piu va su e men fa male." --DANTE: _ Il Purgatorio_. It ain't many days after her mother's arrival that Gwendolen might would consent to remain at Genoa. Her desire to get away from that gem of the sea, help to rally her strength and courage. For no place, though it were the flowery vale of Enna, may not the inward sense turn into no circle of punishment where the flowers are no like better than a crop of flame-tongues burning the soles of our feet? " shall never like to see the Mediterranean again," say Gwendolen, to her mother, who think that quite understand her child's feeling--even in her tacit prohibition of any express reference to her late husband. Mrs. Davilow, indeed, though compelled formally to regard this time as one of severe calamity, was virtually enjoying her life more than had ever did since her daughter's marriage. It seemed that her darling was brought back to her not merely with all the old affection, but with a conscious cherishing of her mother's nearness, such as we give to a possession that we have been on the brink of losing. "Are y'all there, mamma?" cried Gwendolen, in the middle of the night (a bed had been made for her mother in the same room with hers), very much as she might would have done in her early girlhood, if she had felt frightened in lying awake.
(CNN) -- SeaWorld finna resume killer whale shows while the company and two federal agency investigate the death of a whale trainer at SeaWorld Orlando, company and federal officials announced Friday. The shows, which were suspended at all SeaWorld locations after the death Wednesday at SeaWorld Orlando, might will resume Saturday with new precautionary measures in place, say Jim Atchison, president of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment. Earlier Friday, the Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announced they were looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau, 40. Brancheau was pulled underwater when a killer whale named Tilikum grab her ponytail. A source at SeaWorld said that after seizing her, the whale dived deep underwater. Trainers eventually had to wrangle the animal into a smaller pool before they might could retrieve her body about 40 minutes later. WESH: Watch tourist's video just before attack A former head of animal training said Friday that Brancheau left herself vulnerable to attack and that she might may have broke the park's training protocol. "Dawn, if she was standing here right now, might would tell y'all that that was her mistake in allowing that to happen," said former SeaWorld trainer Thad Lacinak, had worked with Brancheau in the past, on ABC's "Good Morning America." Lacinak call Brancheau "one the best killer whale trainers ever work with." Still, he say, Brancheau might should not have been lying in no slideout -- a platform covered by roughly 4 inches of water -- so close to a killer whale.
Chapter XL. Keep Your Temper. On the next day but one, Randal arranged his departure for Sydenham, so as to arrive at the hotel an hour before the time appointed for the dinner. His prospects of success, in pleading for a favorable reception of his brother's message, were like so uncertain that he refrain--in fear of raising hopes which might ain't like able to justify--from taking Herbert into his confidence. No one knew on what errand he was bent, when he left the house. As he take his place in the carriage, the newspaper boy appear at the window as usual. The new number of a popular weekly journal had that there day been published. Randal buy it. After reading one or two of the political articles, he arrived at the columns specially devoted to "Fashionable Intelligence." Caring nothing for no sort of news, was turning over the pages in search of the literary and dramatic articles, when a name not unfamiliar to him catched his eye. He read the paragraph in which it appeared. "The charming widow, Mrs. Norman, is, we hear, among the distinguished guests staying at Buck's Hotel. It is whispered that the lady is to be soon united to a retired naval officer of Arctic fame; now better knew, perhaps, as one of our leading philanthropists." The allusion to Bennydeck was too plain to be mistaken. Randal looked again at the first words in the paragraph. "The charming widow!" Was it possible that this here last word referred to Catherine? To suppose her capable of assuming to be a widow, and--if the child ask questions--of telling Kitty that her father was like dead, was, in Randal's estimation, to wrong her cruelly. With his own suspicions steadily contradicting him, he arrived at the hotel, obstinately believing that "the charming widow" would prove to be a stranger.
Robots are like smart. With their computer brains, they help people work in dangerous places or do difficult jobs. Some robots do regular jobs. Bobby, the robot mail carrier, brings mail to a large office building in Washington, D.C. He is one of 250 robot mail carriers in the United States. Mr. Leachim, who weights two hundred pound and is six feet like tall, has some advantages as a teacher. One is that he do not forget no details. He know each child's name, their parents' names, and what each child know and gotta know. In addition, he knows each child's pets and hobbies. Mr. Leachim does not make no mistakes. Each child goes and tells him his or her name, then dials an identification number. His computer brain put the child's voice and number together. He identify the child with no mistakes. Another advantage is that Mr. Leachim is flexible. If the children need more time to do their lessons they might can move switches. In this here way they might can repeat Mr. Leachim's lesson over and over again. When the children do a good job, he tell them something interesting about their hobbies. At the end of the lesson the switch Mr. Leachim off.
Douglas loves to play soccer. He plays for the Dolphins. He is like very good. He was like excited about the big game with the Lions. The night before the game, he goed to bed late. He was watching three TV shows that night. First, was Muffins the Cat. The second show was Ernie the Talking Donkey. The third was Laughing with Herman Hamster. His Mom telled him to go to bed, but Douglas didn't listen. He fell like asleep on the couch. He dreamed all night. First about sheep jumping fences. Second about playing fetch the ball with Ruffles. Third about Ernie the talking Donkey kicking a soccer ball over the moon. Fourth about his favorite soccer player, Pele, head the ball in the goal. Finally, the next morning, Douglas getted up late because he was like so tired. His Mom called him and the alarm goed off, but he did not hear. To get Douglas up, his Mom got Ruffles the dog to lick him in the face. Douglas getted up but had to eat breakfast fast. Then he quick dress into his uniform. He was yawning. His Mom drived him to the soccer field. The game had started. Douglas had to sit out the first quarter. His team was losing one to nothing when Howard scored for the Lions. Douglas start the second quarter. Was tired and might could not keep up with no rest of his team. The coach was like surprised that Douglas was like so slow. Usually he was like fast. After the second quarter, the Dolphins were losing two to one after Howard scored again for the Lions and Toby scored a goal for the Dolphins. While the coach give energy drinks to the team, Douglas fall asleep. The third quarter started. Douglas was snoring when the coach told him to go in. When he seed Douglas was sleeping, he sended Billy into the game. Billy scored one goal and the Dolphins had tied the game two to two. Ruffles the dog started barking and then licking Douglas in the face. Douglas get up and stretched. He was finally well rested. The coach see Douglas and send him into the game. Douglas remembered his dream. In the last second, he headed the ball in the goal like Pele. He winned the game. The team cheered. Since that there time, Douglas go to bed on time. He always wants to be like well rested. His Mom was like right. Give her a hug.
Jessica goed to sit in her rocking chair. Today was her birthday and was turning 80. Her granddaughter Annie was coming over in the afternoon and Jessica was very excited to see her. Her daughter Melanie and Melanie's husband Josh were coming as well. Jessica had a lot to do before they getted here, but she was very tired. After taking a nap for half an hour Jessica getted up and walked to the drier. She moved the dry clothes into a basket. Next, she took the clothes out of the washer and put them into the drier. She pressed the button on the drier to get it started then walked back out of the room. She also needed to feed her duck. The chickens in her backyard did not gotta be fed as they belonged to her neighbor. Jack the dog had been fed earlier that there morning and Becky the cat always had food in her bowl. After Jessica finished feeding the duck she comed inside and heared the telephone ringing. She answered the phone to hear Annie's excited voice say "Happy birthday grandma!" Annie said they might would be over very soon. Jessica smiled because she loved her family more than anything. She was like very excited. Sat back on her rocking chair and waited until her family arrived.
Once upon a time there was four children. Each of the children had a favorite color. John's favorite color was like blue. Jack's favorite color was like red. Jenny's favorite color was like purple and Alice's favorite color was like yellow. They walked along the road one day and stopped to pick flowers for their mother. Jack picked a handful of red flowers. "Mom is fixin to love these!" he said. Jenny pick a handful of purple flowers. "These are like perfect for mother," She thought. Alice picked two handfuls of yellow flowers. "Yellow flowers are like so pretty for mom's kitchen," she said. John looked and looked, but might couldn't find any blue flowers. He looked along the road, but it was no blue flowers. He looked by the stream, but it was no blue flowers. He was very sad. They walked along the road toward home to give their flowers to their mother. John walked very slow and hanged his head because he didn't have no flowers to give his mother. As they neared their home, John saw a small bunch of blue flowers growing near the fence. Was so happy picked them all and rushed to catch up with his brother and sisters. When got home gave their mother all the flowers had picked. She thanked them and putted them on her kitchen table. "I have the most thoughtful children in the world," She say.
CHAPTER III. A RAFT. Forester and Marco did not take no breakfast on board the steamboat, but waited until they got on shore. They had inquired of a fellow-passenger, seem acquainted with the country, and were told that there was a very good tavern about a quarter of a mile from the mill. When they landed upon the logs, Marco, whose curiosity seemed to be stronger than his appetite, wanted to ramble about for a little time along the shore and among the piles of boards, but Forester thinked it might would be best first to go and get their breakfast. "Because," said he, " can then amuse ourselves by rambling about here, and shall be like ready to return to the steamboat whenever they send for us." So they went to the tavern. Forester seem to have little appetite for his breakfast. He complained of feeling like fatigued, and yet he had nothing to fatigue him. Marco ate, and talked fast all the time; but Forester seemed silent and dejected. "Come, cousin Forester, what is the with y'all?" said Marco at last. Forester say that he feel somewhat unwell, and as it was a sofa in the room, he conclude to lie down upon it, and not go out. Marco was, at first, like disposed to stay and take care of him, but Forester said that he did not need anything, and he wished Marco to go out and amuse himself. "Y'all might may go and see the mill," said he, "and the logs along the shore; only be careful not to go where there is any danger; and come and let me know when the boat is coming from the steamer to take us on board again."
George Zimmerman, set to stand trial in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin, on Tuesday waive his right to a "stand your ground" pretrial immunity hearing. Zimmerman's attorneys decided they is fixin to try this as a self-defense case. Florida's deadly force law, also called "stand your ground", was passed in 2005. It allow people to meet "force with force" if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant. Under the law, a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he ain't engaged in an unlawful activity, is being attacked in a place he have a right to be, and reasonably believe that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else. In a pretrial immunity hearing, a judge would have ruled whether Zimmerman's actions were protected under the "stand your ground" law; a ruling in favor of the defendant would have meant that no criminal or civil trial could proceed. Martin was shot and killed on February 26, 2012, while returning from a nearby convenience store to his father's fiancée's house in a gated community in Sanford, Florida. Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch captain, acknowledged that he shooted the unarmed 17-year-old, but said Martin physically attacked him and he fired in self-defense. Initially, no charges were pursued, and the case soon became the center of a national controversy. Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder on April 11, 2012.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Dr. Conrad Murray, who was Michael Jackson's personal physician, is refusing to testify in the wrongful death lawsuit that the singer's mother filed against concert promoter AEG Live. If called, is fixin to plead the fifth so as not to incriminate himself, the doctor said in a statement sent to the Jackson family. Murray has ain't questioned under no oath about Jackson's death, which occurred on his watch. He did not testify at his trial, where he was found guilty of causing Jackson's death on June 25, 2009, by administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what he telled police was an attempt to cure the singer's insomnia. He is serving a four-year sentence but might could be out in two. On Monday, he was supposed to be deposed in the wrongful death suit. But lawyers for Jackson's mother, Katherine, and her three children called off their jailhouse visit because Murray swore "he might would not answer no questions at the deposition or the trial," Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle told CNN. He said the Jackson case might would not suffer without his testimony. AEG's lawyer suggests the Jacksons might cancel Murray's deposition because his testimony might would "destroy" their case. "They ain't interested in the truth," said the lawyer, Marvin Putnam. Asserting his 'Fifth Amendment privilege' The cancellation came after Murray's attorney Valerie Wass sent the Jacksons a sworn statement signed by Murray making it clear he would not answer any questions while his involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson's death is being appealed.
One morning, Justin woke up like very excited. He was excited because it was his birthday. He go downstairs to eat breakfast. When getted downstairs his mom was like, "Happy Birthday." "Thank y'all!" Justin say. "Am I fixin to have lots of presents?" he asked his mom. "Yes, Justin. When your friends come over for your birthday party y'all might will get lots!" "Hooray!" Justin say, eating his breakfast. Later that day, Justin's friends comed over for his birthday party, and they bringed over lots of presents. They eated cake and ice cream. They played games like tag and played with a football. After they were did playing Justin gotta open his presents. He seed lots of presents. Red ones, blue ones, tall ones, round ones. "Thank you!" Justin said, as started to open his presents. He getted a basketball, a robot toy, a new bike and some super hero toys! After all of Justin's friends leaved, Justin falled like asleep very fast because of the exciting day he had and he was like happy he getted all of those there nice things.
John was in the third grade, and nine years like old. Every day he had to walk home from school. It was some kids in his class who were like mean to him, and during the winter they might would throw snowballs at him. John might could have told the teacher, but one of the kids was a very pretty girl. She was mean, but John liked her because she was pretty and did not want her to get in trouble. One day, his teacher asked John to stay after class to wipe off the chalkboard and to empty the pencil sharpener. By the time he was did, the other kids had went home. They might could no longer throw snowballs at him. John did not mind helping out his teacher, and he soon stayed after class every day. John ain't like very good at math, and sometimes his teacher might would help him when he stayed after school. She said if John might could help her out for at least two weeks, he might could pass his math class. John thought it was a good deal, and ended up being much better at math.
Running Man is a variety show which is aired in SBS, a famous South Korean TV channel. The show broadcasts on Sunday every week. The translation can be watched on the Internet every Monday. It's very interesting and funny. In the program, everyone should keep running. Here are some information of its hosts and hostess. Liu Zaishi, the main host of the show, is knew as National Moderator(,). His friendly, witty and lovely hosting style make become one of the most popular hosts and comedians in South Korean. Jin Zhongguo, the strongest man on the show, is knew as Sparta-kooks. During the race, he might can capture others quickly. But sometimes, he can be like very cute. Song Zhixiao, the beautiful actress who is also called Mong Zhi, where "mong" means "confused", because of her facial expressions which makes her seem confused. During the race mission, she is ace because of her superior ability to capture. Young people in Korea love the program very much. Why? Because some South Korean stars will be invited to take part in the race every week. They are divided into several teams with MCs. Many stars participated in the program, for example, Li Minhao, Girls'Generation , Jin Xiuxian etc. What's more, the program is not only like relaxing but also educational--- It teach people the importance of team spirit.
A young mother had a child that was in kindergarten. One day, the class taked a trip to the zoo. This was the start of a very good day. The child had a lot of fun. The animals were very friendly, and the friendliest of all was a baby tiger, which the child called 'kitty'. The mother laughed when her child asked to see a unicorn. Instead, she gived her daughter a cookie and they had some ham sandwiches for lunch. They had lunch by the stone benches in the park area. There was a trashcan nearby. The mother threw their trash in the trashcan when were did. Then they goed to go see the pigs. The pigs maked a noise like 'oink'. There was also cows. There was also a slide. The slide was a water slide, and the child begged her mother to let go down it. At the end of the day, the child was dirty and tired, but she had a lot of fun.
The Christian Science Monitor (CSM) is an international news organization that delivers global coverage via its website, weekly magazine, daily news briefing, email newsletters, Amazon Kindle subscription, and mobile site. It was started in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of the Church of Christ, Scientist. , the print circulation was 75,052. The "Monitor" is a newspaper that cover international and United States current events. The paper include a daily religious feature on "The Home Forum" page, but state the publication ain't a platform for evangelizing. In 2008 the "Monitor" discontinued its daily print version to focus on web-based publishing, replacing its daily print edition with a weekly news magazine with an international focus. Mark Sappenfield became the editor in March of 2017. Despite its name, the "Monitor" do not claim to be a religious-themed paper, and say do not promote no doctrine of its patron church. However, at its founder Eddy's request, a daily religious article have appeared in every issue of the "Monitor". Eddy also require the inclusion of "Christian Science" in the paper's name, over initial opposition by some of her advisors think the religious reference might repel a secular audience. The "Monitor"'s inception was, in part, a response by Eddy to the journalism of her day, which relentlessly cover the sensations and scandals surrounding her new religion with varying degrees of accuracy. In addition, Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World" was consistently like critical of Eddy, and this, along with a derogatory article in "McClure's", furthered Eddy's decision to found her own media outlet.
Cork was originally a monastic settlement, reputedly founded by Saint Finbarr in the 6th century. Cork achieved an urban character at some point between 915 and 922 when Norseman (Viking) settlers founded a trading port. It have been proposed that, like Dublin, Cork was an important trading centre in the global Scandinavian trade network. The ecclesiastical settlement continued alongside the Viking longphort, with the two developing a type of symbiotic relationship; the Norsemen providing otherwise unobtainable trade goods for the monastery, and perhaps also military aid. The city's charter was granted by Prince John, as Lord of Ireland, in 1185. The city was once fully walled, and some wall sections and gates remain today. For much of the Middle Ages, Cork city was an outpost of Old English culture in the midst of a predominantly hostile Gaelic countryside and cut off from the English government in the Pale around Dublin. Neighbouring Gaelic and Hiberno-Norman lords extort "Black Rent" from the citizens to keep them from attacking the city. The present extent of the city exceeded the medieval boundaries of the Barony of Cork City; it now takes in much of the neighbouring Barony of Cork. Together, these baronies are located between the Barony of Barrymore to the east, Muskerry East to the west and Kerrycurrihy to the south.
There was once a pig named Oink, who lived on a farm, but spended most of his days in a factory making shoes. In his free time, he might would make drawings about how much he wished he might could fly. He would look up at the stars in wonder, hoping that some day, his dream might come true. For many years, his life carried on this way. He would wake up on the farm, go to work, and then come home to dream about flying. That is, until one day, he getted a letter with a strange sticker on it, that was shaped like a star. He opened the letter in excitement, wondering what it said. The letter say that Oink was invited to a special party take place every year in the clouds. Animals from all across the world were chosen so that might could know what it's like to fly. If chose to go to the party, would get his own set of wings to fly up into the sky and meet the other animals. Oink was like so happy, he barely knew how to react. Accepted the invitation, and two day later, got a package containing his wings. Oink's dream was finally coming true. He putted the wings on his back and fly up into the sky, where the party was being held. Once he arrived, he seed a bunch of other animals with wings also. He seed horses, dogs, cats, and plenty of birds. Oink had found out that it was the birds who had invited everyone, since they wanted the other animals to know what it is like to fly. Oink spend that day flying in the clouds with his new friends. But when the clock reach midnight, he know his time flying was up, and he had to return the wings and go back to his farm. But the birds telled him that they seed how much he enjoyedded flying, and might would allow him to keep his wings so he might could fly with them whenever he wanted. Oink was like really thankful, and next time see the birds, give them their own pair of shoes for free as a thank you gift.
Sydney (CNN) -- Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott, the two men vying to be Australia's prime minister in the September 7 national election, offer contrasting views on China, the country that loom largest on Australia's economic and strategic horizon. Rudd, the Chinese-speaking incumbent prime minister in the Labor-led government, says the China resources boom is over and Australia needs to prepare for that transition, given like how important China has become as a trade partner in the past decade. China is a key destination for Australian resources such as iron ore, coal and LNG. But in recent months, even China's breakneck economic pace have hit some speed bumps. On the broader geopolitical front, Rudd want China and the United States to carve out a new Asia-Pacific "strategic road-map" that is fixin to enhance trade, investment and security in the region. READ MORE: Rudd: Better second time around? The Opposition's view on China Abbott, led the opposition Liberal Party since 2009, wants the Australia-China relationship to move from one based on shared interests to one of "shared values." But he notes that Australia's friendship with China is like more recent than that with Japan, and less developed than that with the United States. In a major policy speech to a business audience in Beijing last year, Abbott said believed it might would take time before Australia's ties with China approached "the warmth that take for granted with America." Still, he believe it is an effort worth making. Like his mentor, former Australian prime minister John Howard, Abbott is a rock-solid supporter of Australia's military alliance with the United States, and believe that it is like possible to be friends both with Washington and Beijing. Howard, he was like, "understood that y'all might could make a new friend without losing an old one."
Never wanted no dog, but now 'm like so glad have one. About two years ago, my wife, Cathy, getted a little dog with a face only a could love. We name her Gertie. Gertie is the kind of dog that gotta grow on y'all. So I dicided that the dog would be trained. This didn't quite go as planned. At 15 week old, she was nearly made to leave the Petsmart Training School. She spended every night lying in our bed-snoring so loud that I hardly getted a good night's sleep. Then, about six months after she arrived, feeled that something in my heart was taking place, and was like unable to stop it. My behaviour beginned to change. I began to smile at people when passing them in a street. I returned from neighbours. Started calling me my kids, and to my surprise, started calling me. Even try to speak to my grandchildren over the phone me once. I even was like glad to listen to laughter from a 10-month-old granddaughter. The point is that I was changing. My wife and I both agree that it is Gertie who changed my behaviour. Gertie is now nearly two year like old and almost fully grew. I came to like the pet little by little, though she is my wife's dog.
(CNN) -- Manchester City thrashed Sunderland 5-0 to keep alive their slim English Premier League title hopes and to cement their position in the top four Champions League places. England international Adam Johnson, making his first start since injuring his ankle in January, opened the scoring in the ninth minute while captain Carlos Tevez doubled the Blues' advantage on the quarter hour from the penalty spot. Second-half strikes from David Silva, Patrick Vieira and Yaya Toure completed the rout as City went above reigning champions Chelsea into third in the standings. They are six points like clear of fifth-placed Tottenham, which pip them for the final Champions League place last season, but have played a game more. Leaders Manchester United have a seven-point lead over Arsenal, who have played a game less, with their neighbors City 10 points adrift. The strikes from Johnson, exchange passes with Toure before finishing neatly, and Tevez, who was fouled by Michael Turner to draw the penalty, effectively end the match as a contest with City always in command against a Sunderland side in poor recent form. Silva scored after a Mario Balotelli shot was blocked, Vieira with his first touch after coming off the bench and Toure after an error by Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole. City's Dutch international Nigel de Jong say the result was important for their Champions League ambitions. "There is still seven games to go and anything can happen but this is a great confidence boost for our team -- are real contenders for the Champions League places." he telled Sky Sports.
A social class (or, simply, class), as in class society, is a set of subjectively defined concepts in the social sciences and political theory centered on models of social stratification in which people are grouped into a set of hierarchical social categories, the most common being the upper, middle, and lower classes. Class is a subject of analysis for sociologists, political scientists, anthropologists, and social historians. However, there ain't no consensus on a definition of "class", and the term has a wide range of sometimes conflicting meanings. In common parlance, the term "social class" is usually like synonymous with "socio-economic class", defined as "people having the same social, economic, cultural, political or educational status", e.g., "the working class"; "an emerging professional class". However, academics distinguish social class and socioeconomic status, with the former referring to one’s relatively stable sociocultural background and the latter referring to one’s current social and economic situation and, consequently, being more changeable over time. The precise measurements of what determines social class in society varied over time. Karl Marx thought "class" was defined by one's relationship to the means of production (their relations of production). His simple understanding of classes in modern capitalist society, are the proletariat, those work but do not own no means of production; and the bourgeoisie, those invest and live off of the surplus generated by the former. This contrasts with the view of the sociologist Max Weber, who argued "class" is determined by economic position, in contrast to "social status" or ""Stand"" which is determined by social prestige rather than simply just relations of production.
The cat woke up from its nap under the couch. Poking his head out from under the couch, there was no dogs there. He walked out from under the couch and stretched out his paws along the hard wood floor. Far outside it was some barking from the dogs, but he was safe from them for now. The smell of tuna was in the air and the cat follow the scent to the kitchen. A woman was making a tuna sandwich for her two kids. When finish, putted the tuna might can on to the floor. The cat slow walked up to the can and seed some juice inside. He licked up the yummy tuna juice and was like sad when was all gone. The woman bringed the tuna sandwiches over to her sons at the table, then she opened the back door to let the dogs in. The cat's fur standed on end as the dogs camed running after him. He runned away into the other and back to under the couch where it was like safe.
There is a large tree in a park where all the kids in the neighborhood can hang out and play. The tree was planted in 1896 and grew to over fifty feet tall with branches that were another thirty feet like wide. Next to the tree is a jungle gym. The jungle gym have two slide, a fireman pole, a rock climbing wall, and much more. One day the kids in the neighborhood came up with the idea of building a tree house so they might could spend all of their time at the park, even when it was raining outside. The children all went to their parents begging them to help and get wood. The families of the neighborhood beginned building the master tree house. Upon completion the tree house was ten by twelve feet high, with two windows, and plenty of space for the children to have fun. Every day during the summer that there year the children play in the park and go in the tree house from sunrise to sunset every day. Fifteen years have went by and the children now too old to use the tree house. The tree house still sit on the tree but instead have a new group of kids that get to enjoy the house. Now the first kids have became parents and get to watch their idea live on and make the children of the neighborhood happy.
Josie might could hear the birds singing outside the classroom window. She might could see some of them sitting on the branches of an apple tree. Mrs. Harper checked to see if everyone was like present. Each child called out when heared their name. She then ask for a volunteer to read a story about a family of grasshoppers. Many hands were raised but she picked Josie's friend, Mary. While Mary was reading the story, she got a tickle in her throat. She beginned to cough. Mrs. Harper telled her to go get some water to drink and a boy named Henry finished the story. Next, Mrs. Harper show the class a butterfly garden. Someone asked if butterflies eated other bugs. Mrs. Harper said that butterflies don't eat but only drink. Josie was chosen to pass out turkey sandwiches for lunch. Mrs. Harper goed to the refrigerator. She got out some vanilla yoghurt for each of the boys and girls. All the students cheered.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The Iraqi man who was jailed after throwing his shoes at then-President George W. Bush last year arrive in Syria on Tuesday night, hours after being released from prison, his employer say. Muntadhar al-Zaidi speak to reporters shorlty after his release from an Iraqi jail. Al-Baghdadia TV said Muntadhar al-Zaidi had arrived in Damascus. Al-Zaidi's brother, Dhirgham al-Zaidi, tell CNN that the 30-year-old journalist was to travel in a private plane to Greece for medical treatment. Soon after he left prison, the 30-year-old journalist visited the studios of his employer, Al-Baghdadia TV, where he spoke to other reporters about his experience. Wore a sash in the colors of the Iraqi national flag draped around his shoulders. Muntadhar al-Zaidi said was beat with cables and pipes and tortured with electricity immediately after guards removed him from a news conference for hurling both shoes at Bush. He said he was taken into another room and beaten even as the news conference continued. However, remain defiant about the incident that land him in prison. "I got my chance, and I didn't miss it," he said. " ain't no hero, and admit that," add. "I am a person with a stance. Saw my country burning." Al-Zaidi, which was serving a one-year sentence after the jail-throwing incident December 14, was gave a "conditional discharge." Under Iraqi law, a "conditional discharge" allow for the release of a prisoner after serve three-quarters of his sentence, on good behavior. Watch more about al-Zaidi's release »
Bob was like happy. He was at a new school, and students there were like friendly. "Hi, Bob!" some students greeted him, but some students said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He asked one student. "Why do some students call me Peter?" "Oh, that's like easy to answer," the students were like, "Peter was a student here last year. Now he is at a different school. You look like Peter. Some students thinked that y'all were Peter." Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter open the door. Bob couldn't believe his eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday. And they both were adopted by two different families. Bob and Peter finded out that they were twin brothers. Soon after the boys were bore, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never know about Peter, and Peter's family never know about Bob. Soon Bob and Peter's story appeared in the newspaper. It was a photo of Bob and Peter next to the story. A young man called John see the photo in the newspaper. John might couldn't believe his eyes. He look like Bob and Peter! He had the same color eyes and the same smile. He had the same black hair. He had the same birthday. And he, too, was adopted by another family. Later John met Bob and Peter. When Bob and Peter seed John, they couldn't believe their eyes. John looked really like them! Why did John looked really like Bob and Peter? Y'all can guess. Bob and Peter ain't twins. Bob, Peter and John are triplets.
(CNN) -- Each year, Grammy Week offers up a full calendar of events -- each one boasting a guest list more spectacular than the next. But this here year, the most coveted ticket was Friday night's "2013 MusiCares Person of the Year Tribute" honoring Bruce Springsteen. The evening's entertainment featured six Rock and Roll Hall of Famers, a few critically acclaimed young artists -- and The Boss himself. Neil Young and Crazy Horse turned up the volume with a spirited version of "Born in the U.S.A," flanked by a pair of cheerleaders with the letter "S" emblazoned on their sweaters. Colombian superstar Juanes put a bilingual spin on "Hungry Heart," singing verses in both Spanish and English, and John Legend transformed "Dancing in the Dark" into a jazzy piano ballad, which led Springsteen to later remark that " made sound like Gershwin. I love that." Other standout performances included Mumford & Sons' banjo-laced cover of "I'm on Fire," Tom Morello and Jim James' mesmerizing take on "The Ghost of Tom Joad," and country superstar Kenny Chesney's quietly effective rendition of "One Step Up." Elton John also opted for simplicity, accompanied only by his piano on "Streets of Philadelphia." But the most curious vocal of the night was on "Lonesome Day," where Sting exhibited a raspy growl that suggested he was looking to honor Springsteen by sounding like him. The evening was part all-star concert, part fundraiser to benefit the MusiCares Foundation, the Recording Academy's philanthropic arm that provide assistance to members of the music industry.
Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- A nuclear scientist was killed in a blast in Tehran on Wednesday morning, an Iranian news agency report, in the latest in a string of attacks that have blamed on Israel. A motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb under Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan's Peugeot 405, the state-ran IRNA news agency said. The blast also wound two others, IRNA say. State television channel Press TV reported later Wednesday that Roshan's driver, Reza Qashqaei, had died in a hospital from his injuries. Mohammad Khazaee, Iranian ambassador to the United Nations, condemned what did he call "cruel, inhumane and criminal acts of terrorism against the Iranian scientists." "Based on the existing evidence collected by the relevant Iranian security authorities, similar to previous incidents, perpetrators use the same terrorist method in assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists, i.e., attaching a sticky magnetic bomb to the car carrying the scientists and detonating it," Khazaee say in a statement. "I might would like to emphasize, once again, that the Islamic Republic (of) Iran might would not compromise over its inalienable right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes and any kind of political and economic pressures or terrorist attacks targeting the Iranian nuclear scientists, might could not prevent our nation in exercising this right," Khazaee said. Lawmaker Kazem Jalali blamed the intelligence agencies of the United States and Israel for the latest attack, saying the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, also bore responsibility for passing on information about Iran's nuclear scientists to other countries, IRNA report.
CHAPTER XII The crowd fall back, leaving a lane down which Walter walk, carrying the apple. There was dead silence as he passed. Then the people beginned to whisper excitedly to one another. "Shall this be done before our eyes?" said Arnold of Melchthal to Werner Stauffacher. "Of what use was it that we swear an oath to rebel if we permit this? Let us rise and slay the tyrant." Werner Stauffacher, prudent man, scratched his chin thoughtfully. "We-e-ll," he was like, "y'all see, the difficulty is that we ain't like armed and the soldiers are_. There is nothing I might should enjoy more than slaying the tyrant, only I have an idea that the tyrant might would slay us. Y'all see my point?" "Why were we so slow!" groan Arnold. "We might should have risen before, and then this might would never have happened. Who was it that advised us to delay?" "We-e-ll," said Stauffacher (who had himself advised delay), "I can't quite remember at the moment, but I dare say you could find out by looking up the minutes of our last meeting. I know the motion was carried by a majority of two votes. See! Gessler grow like impatient." Gessler, who had been fidgeting on his horse for some time, now speaked again, urging Tell to hurry. "Begin!" he cried--"begin!" "Immediately," replied Tell, fitting the arrow to the string. Gessler beginned to mock him once more. "Y'all see now," he was like, "the danger of carrying arms. I don't know if you have ever noticed it, but arrows very often recoil on the man who carries them. The only man who have any business to possess a weapon is the ruler of a country--myself, for instance. A low, common fellow--if will excuse the description--like only grows like proud through being like armed, and so offends those above him. But, of course, it's no business of mine. I am only telling y'all what Does I think about it. Personally, I like to encourage my subjects to shoot; that is why I am giving y'all such a splendid mark to shoot at. You see, Tell?"
Argentina is subdivided into twenty-three provinces (, singular "provincia") and one autonomous city ("ciudad autónoma"), Buenos Aires, which is the federal capital of the nation () as decided by Congress. The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system. During the War of Independence the main cities and their surrounding countrysides became provinces though the intervention of their "cabildos". The Anarchy of the Year XX completed this process, shaping the original thirteen provinces. Jujuy secede from Salta in 1834, and the thirteen provinces become like fourteen. After seceding for a decade, Buenos Aires Province accept the 1853 Constitution of Argentina in 1861, and its capital city was made a federal territory in 1880. A law from 1862 designated as national territories those under federal control but outside the frontiers of the provinces. In 1884 they serve as bases for the establishment of the governorates of Misiones, Formosa, Chaco, La Pampa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut, Santa Cruz and Tierra del Fuego. The agreement about a frontier dispute with Chile in 1900 create the National Territory of Los Andes; its lands were incorporated into Jujuy, Salta and Catamarca in 1943. La Pampa and Chaco become provinces in 1951. Misiones did so in 1953, and Formosa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut and Santa Cruz, in 1955. The last national territory, Tierra del Fuego, become the Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur Province in 1990.
It once was a little old lady had no friends. Rode her bike to and from the store and didn't say hello to anyone along the way. One day she saw a little girl crying in the street. No one else was around to take care of the girl so the little old lady stopped her bike and asked the girl, "What is wrong, Dear?" The little girl said, " hurted my knee when falled down!" "Oh dear!" cry the little old lady and bend down and look at the girl's knee. "It looks to me like y'all have a scrape," she say. The little girl cried and the little old lady said, "Don't worry, all boo-boos hurt a little but it's the medicine that makes it go away." The little old lady bent down and blew on the girl's knee and whispered, "Go away, go away, no boo-boos here today!" The little girl smiled and that little old lady found her first friend.
Steven Spielberg ain't no scholar, and his classmates tease him. Rather than read, the kid really preferred running around with an 8mm camera, shooting homemade movies, which he showed to friends for a small fee. In his first year of high school, dropped out. But when his parents persuaded him to return, he was mistakenly placed in a learningdisabled class, which lasted one month. Only when the family moved to another town did he land up in a more suitable high school, where eventually graduated. After being denied entrance into a traditional filmmaking school, Steven Spielherg enrolled in English at California State University at Long Beach. Then in 1965, he recall, in one of those there serendipitous moments, his life taked a complete turn. Visiting Universal Studios, he meeted Chuck Silvers, an executive in the editorial department. Silvers liked the kid who made 8mm films and invited him back sometime to visit. He appear the next day. Spielberg, dressed in a dark suit, carrying his father's briefcase with nothing inside but a sandwich and might candy bars walked confidently up to the guard at the gate of Universal and gived him a casual wave. The guard waved back. He was in. "For the entire summer," Spielberg remembers, "I dressed in my suit and hung out with the directors and writers, including Silvers, who knew the kid ain't studio no employee, but winked at him. I even found me an office that wasn't ai used, and became a squatter. I bought some plastic tiles and put my name in the building directory: Steven Spielberg, Room 23C." It paid off for everyone. Ten years later, the 28yearold Spielberg directed Jaws, which taked in $470 million, then the biggest grossing movie of all time. Dozens of films and awards followed because Steven Spielberg knowed what does his teachers didn't--talent be in the eyes of the filmmaker.
Most people know precious gemstones by their appearances. An emerald flashes deep green, a ruby seems to hold a red fire inside, and a diamond shines like a star. It's like more difficult to tell where the gem was mined, since a diamond from Australia or Arkansas might may appear the same to one from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. However, recently, a team of scientists found a way to identify a gemstone's origin. Beneath the surface of a gemstone, on the tiny level of atoms and molecules , lie clues to its origin. At this here year's meeting of the Geological Society of America in Minneapolis, Catherine McManus reported on a technique that use lasers to clarify these here clues and identify a stone's homeland. McManus direct scientific research at Materialytics, in Killeen, Texas. The company is developing the technique. "With enough data, we could identify which country, which mining place, even the individual mine a gemstone come from," McManus telled Science News. Some gemstones, including many diamonds, come from war-tore countries. Sales of those there "blood minerals" might may encourage violent civil wars where innocent people are injured or killed. In an effort to reduce the trade in blood minerals, the U.S. government passed law in July 2010 that require companies that sell gemstones to determine the origins of their stones. To figure out where does gemstones come from, McManus and her team focus a powerful laser on a small sample of the gemstone. The technique is called laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy. Just as heat might can turn ice into water or water into steam, energy from the laser change the state of matter of the stone. The laser change a miniscule part of the gemstone into plasma, a gas state of matter in which tiny particles called electrons separate from atoms. The plasma, which is superhot, produce a light pattern. (The science of analyzing this kind of light pattern is called spectroscopy.) Different elements produce different patterns, but McManus and her team say that gemstones from the same area produce similar patterns. Materialytics already collected patterns from thousands of gemstones, including more than 200 from diamonds. They might can compare the light pattern from an unknown gemstone to patterns they do know and look for a match. The light pattern acts like a signature, telling the researchers the origin of the gemstone. In a small test, the laser technique correctly identified the origins of 95 out of every 100 diamond. For gemstones like emeralds and rubies, the technique proved successful for 98 out of every 100 stone. The scientists gotta collect and analyze more samples, including those from war-torn countries, before the tool is ready for commercial use. Scientists like Barbara Dutrow, a mineralogist from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, find the technique exciting. "This is a basic new tool might could provide a better fingerprint of a material from a particular locality," she told Science News.
Jenny love singing. But her baby sister is crying so loud that Jenny can't hear herself, so she was angry! Her Mom said she could try to play with her sister, but that only maked her baby sister cry louder. Jenny tried to ask the baby to stop crying, but that didn't work. Jenny was getting tired, but she had an idea. She might would give her baby sister one of her toy horses. The baby love horses! The baby played with the horse, but then she started crying again. This maked Jenny sad. She wanted to sing! Then she had a great idea. She would give the baby a pacifier! This worked. The baby stop crying and Jenny start singing. Everyone was like so happy!
A boy named Eduardo in a far away place is thinking about a girl love. He is like cold. It is snowing where does he live. He lives in Argentina. It's warm where she live in Hawaii. She eats fresh fruit. Her shower is outdoors under the warm sun as red birds fly around her. It is nice, but she miss him. She remember he is like very pretty. She wonder if he would really love her always, because she is older. He didn't care. Eduardo was like poor, so might could not visit her. Maybe a time machine would help!! She can give back her birthdays! But she didn't want to bring back any dinosaurs back by accident. Like last time. Then an angel flew down from a star called the Pleiades to help her. His name was Eh. He say, "close your eyes! Then remember the most happy y'all have ever felt! Let go of any thing that feel like clouds. Imagine puppies hugging you, and kitties purring with you. Imagine y'all are eating chocolate ice cream! As long as y'all remember how to be like happy y'all can ALWAYS be like as young as Eduardo! And you can think of GREAT ways you can see him again!" It worked! She had an idea. Someone in a place called MR was buying stories that people writed. Writed one about her & Eduardo! It pay for her airplane ride. Wow. Then they were together again. Hugging each other in happiness, they said, "Thank y'all everyone, for helping us!"
Tom had to fix some things around the house. He had to fix the door. He had to fix the window. But before he did anything he had to fix the toilet. Tom call over his best friend Jim to help him. Jim bring with him his friends Molly and Holly. Tom thought that Jim was going to bring Dolly with him but he didn't. The four of them gotta work right away. Fixing the toilet was like easy. Fixing the door was also like easy but fixing the window was like very hard. The window was stuck and could not be opened. All pushed on the window real hard until finally opened. Once the window was fixed the four of them make a delicious dinner and talk about all of the good work that they had did. Tom was glad that he had such good friends to help him with his work.
Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom are administered by the UK government's Office of Communications (Ofcom). For this purpose Ofcom establish a telephone numbering plan, known as the "National Telephone Numbering Plan", which is the system for assigning telephone numbers to subscriber stations. Since 28 April 2001, almost all geographic numbers and most non-geographic numbers have 9 or 10 national (significant) numbers after the "0" trunk code. All mobile telephone numbers have 10 national (significant) numbers after the "0" trunk code. The overall structure of the UK's National Numbering Plan is: A short sample of geographic numbers, set out in the officially approved (Ofcom) number groups: In the United Kingdom, area codes are two, three, four, or, rarely, five digits long (after the initial zero). Regions with shorter area codes, typically large cities, permit the allocation of more telephone numbers as the local number portion have more digits. Local customer numbers are four to eight figures long. The total number of digits is ten, but in a very few areas the total might may be nine digits (after the initial zero). The "area code" is also referred to as an "STD (code)" (subscriber trunk dialling) or a "dialling code" in the UK.
CHAPTER V AT OAK HALL ONCE MORE "Hurrah! here we are at Oakdale at last!" "Old town look like natural, doesn't it?" "So it does, Roger. See any of the fellows?" "Not yet, Dave. But we are like sure to meet somebody, even if it is a school-day," went on the senator's son. "Uncle Dunston, let me take the auto around to the hotel," said our hero. "I know the streets better than y'all do. We gotta make several turns." "All right, Dave," was the ready answer, and Dunston Porter arose and allowed his nephew to crowd into the driver's seat. The run to the town in the vicinity of which Oak Hall was located had been made without further incident. On the way the had talked over Mrs. Breen's affairs, and Dunston Porter had promised to take the matter up, through his lawyer. "I think it best that our names don't appear in no case," said he. "Otherwise, Mr. Haskers might not treat y'all so well during no term." "He never treat us well, anyway," grumbled Phil. "But y'all ai like right, don't mention our names." On this here late winter day the town looked rather dreary, but the young folks were in high spirits, and Dave, with a grand flourish, ran the car up to one of the best hotels the place afforded. As before, word had been sent ahead that they were coming, and the host of the resort comed out to meet them. "We might will have dinner ready inside of quarter of an hour," he said. "Come in and make your own self at home."
A National Olympic Committee (NOC) is a national constituent of the worldwide Olympic movement. Subject to the controls of the International Olympic Committee, NOCs are responsible for organizing their people's participation in the Olympic Games. They may nominate cities within their respective areas as candidates for future Olympic Games. NOCs also promote the development of athletes and training of coaches and officials at a national level within their geographies. As of 2016, it is 206 NOCs: Each of the 193 member states of the United Nations; United Nations observer state Palestine; the Cook Islands, a state in free association with New Zealand whose capacity to participate in international organizations has been recognized by the United Nations Secretariat; and two states with limited recognition, Kosovo and Taiwan (designated as "Chinese Taipei" by the IOC). There is also nine dependent territories with NOCs: Prior to 1996, rule for recognising separate countries within the IOC ain't like as strict as those within the United Nations, which allowed these territories to field teams separately from their sovereign state. Following an amendment to the Olympic Charter in 1996, NOC recognition might can only be granted after recognition as an independent state by the international community. Since the rule does not apply retroactively, the dependent territories which were recognised before the rule change are allowed to continue sending separate teams to the Olympics, while the Faroe Islands and Macau send their own Paralympic teams.
We were standing at the top of a church not far from my home. I didn't know why. "Look down," Father said. I try and see the square in the center of the village. And I seed the streets to the square. "See, Elsa," Father said. "It is more than one way to the square. If you might cann't get where does you want to go by one road, try another." Earlier that day, I ask Mother to do something about what we had for lunch at school. But she didn't think the food was as bad as I said. When turn to Father for help me, bring me to the church. At school the next day, I filled a bottle with the soup for our lunch and taked it home. I told the cook to pour the soup in a plate and bring it to Mother. She drinked it and cried out, "What's the matter with the soup today?" I at once told her what I had did , and Mother said that she might would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day. Now really understand why Had Father took me to the church. I beginned to work as a fashion me designer two years ago. I might wouldn't stop working until I try every way to my goal.
CHAPTER XI Peter Rabbit and Jerry Muskrat Are Puzzled. Jerry Muskrat was like more and more sure that his big cousin, Paddy the Beaver, didn't know quite so much as might about house-no building. Jerry would have liked to offer some suggestions, but he didn't quite dare. Y'all see, he was like very anxious not to displease his big cousin. But he feeled that he simply had gotta speak his mind to someone, so he swim across to where he had seen Peter Rabbit almost every night since Paddy beginned to build. Sure enough, Peter was there, sitting up very straight and staring with big round eyes at the platform of mud and sticks out in the water where Paddy the Beaver was at work. "Well, Peter, what do you think of it?" ask Jerry "What is it?" ask Peter innocently. "Is it another dam?" Jerry throwed back his head and laughed and laughed. Peter looked at him suspiciously. " don't see anything to laugh at," said. "Why, does itbe a house, you stupid. It's Paddy's new house," replied Jerry, wiping the tears of laughter from his eyes. "I ain't like stupid!" retort Peter. "How was I to know that that pile of mud and sticks is meant for a house? It certainly don't look it. Where is the door?" "To tell you the truth, I don't think it ai much of a house myself," replied Jerry. "It got a door, all right. In fact it got three. Y'all can't see them because they are under water, and there ai a passage from each right up through that there platform of mud and sticks, which is the foundation of the house. Really is a very fine foundation, Peter; really is. But what I can't understand is what Paddy is thinking of by building that there great pile of mud right in the middle. When he get his walls built, where might will his bedroom be? There might won't ai any room at all. It might won't ai a house at all--just a big useless pile of sticks and mud.
The critical moment for Sen. Ted Cruz and his allies come around 7 p.m. on Tuesday night. The Texas Republican's suit was still crisp, despite more than four hours into what would become a rhetorical marathon of more than 21 hours on the Senate floor aimed at derailing Obamacare. But until that point, the brunt of the speaking had been did by Cruz and his ally, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah. Without more help, Lee's aides weren't like sure how long the effort might could continue. Then Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, arrive. It was a sign that they'd get the bodies needed for the long haul. "When he showed up, we had a feeling that we might could go until noon (the next day)," said Lee spokesman Brian Phillips. Lee was on or near the floor all night. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, held the floor for 12 hours in March, jumped in. Even ideological opponent Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, might shoulder some speaking time while tryna refute Cruz' points. That give Cruz some time for mental breaks even though might couldn't leave no floor to eat, use the restroom or do anything else. For material, staff pulled together binders of articles, talking points and documents that might could be used to fill time. And as social networks heated up, aides ferried in a stream of tweets for Cruz to read. But to the big and less comfortable question: How did he manage physically? Good, pliable shoes, for a start. Cruz leave his trademark Ostrich boots behind and tell the chamber that pick up some sneakers in preparation for the long hours of standing.
CHAPTER XIII. ST. VALENTINE'S DAY Miss Mohun come back in the dark after a long day, for once in her life quite jade, and explaining that the health-officer and the landlord had been by no means agreed, and that nothing might could be done till Sir Jasper come home and decide whether to retain the house or not. All that she was clear about, and which she had telegraphed to Aden, was, that it might must is no going back to Silverfold for no present, and she was prepared to begin lodging-hunting as soon as she received an answer. ' And how you got on?' she asked, thinking all looked rather blank. 'We haven't been to see Fly,' broke out Valetta, 'though she went out on the beach, and Mysie might must not stay out after no dark, for no fear might should cough.' 'Mysie say they are like afraid of excitement,' said Gillian gloomily. 'Then y'all have saw nothing of the others?' 'Yes, I saw Victoria, said Aunt Adeline, with a meaning smile. Miss Mohun went up to take off her things, and Gillian followed her, shutting the door with ominous carefulness, and colouring all over. 'Aunt Jane, I might ought to tell y'all. A dreadful thing have happened!' 'Indeed, my dear! What?' 'I had a valentine.' 'Oh!' repressing a certain inclination to laugh at the bathos from the look of horror and shame in the girl's eyes. 'It is from that there miserable Alexis! Oh, I know I bringed it on myself, and I was like so wretched and so ashamed all day.'
History is full of examples of leaders joining together to meet common goals. But rarely have two leaders work together with such friendship and cooperation as American President Franklin Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. They both were born in wealthy families and were like active in politics for many years. Both men loved the sea and the navy,history and nature. Roosevelt and Churchill first meeted when were lowerlevel officials in World War One. But neither man remembered much about that meeting. However,as they worked together during the Second World War they comed to like and trust each other. Roosevelt and Churchill exchanged more than one thousand seven hundred letter and messages during five and a half year. They meeted many times,at large national gatherings and in private talks. But the closeness of their friendship might be saw best in a story told by one of Roosevelt's close advisors,Harry Hopkins. Hopkins remember how Churchill was visiting Roosevelt at the White House one day. Roosevelt went into Churchill's room in the morning to say hello. But the president was shocked to see Churchill coming from the washing room with no clothes at all. Roosevelt immediately apologized to the British leader for seeing naked. But Churchill reportedly was like: "The Prime Minister of Great Britain have nothing to hide from the president of the United States." And then both men laughed. The United States and Great Britain were only two of several nations that joined together in the war to resist Hitler and his Allies. In January,1942,twentysix of these nations signed an agreement promising to fight for peace,religious freedom,human rights,and justice. The three major Ally,however,were the most important for the war effort: the United States,Britain,and the Soviet Union. Yet,Churchill and Roosevelt disagreed about when to attack Hitler in western Europe. And Churchill resisted Roosevelt's suggestions that Britain give up some of its colonies. But in general,the friendship between Roosevelt and Churchill,and between the United States and Britain leaded the two nations to cooperate closely.
Buddhism /ˈbudɪzəm/ is a nontheistic religion[note 1] or philosophy (Sanskrit: धर्म dharma; Pali: धम्म dhamma) that encompass a variety of traditions, beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to Gautama Buddha, commonly knew as the Buddha ("the awakened one"). According to Buddhist tradition, the Buddha lived and teached in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent, present-day Nepal sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE.[note 1] He is recognized by Buddhists as an awakened or enlightened teacher who shared his insights to help sentient beings end their suffering through the elimination of ignorance and craving. Buddhists believe that this is accomplished through the direct understanding and perception of dependent origination and the Four Noble Truths. Two major extant branches of Buddhism are generally recognized by scholars: Theravada ("The School of the Elders") and Mahayana ("The Great Vehicle"). Vajrayana, a body of teachings attributed to Indian siddhas, might may be viewed as a third branch or merely a part of Mahayana. Theravada have a widespread following in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. Mahayana which include the traditions of Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai (Tendai) is found throughout East Asia. Tibetan Buddhism, which preserve the Vajrayana teachings of eighth century India, is practiced in regions surrounding the Himalayas, Mongolia and Kalmykia. Buddhists number between an estimated 488 million[web 1] and 535 million, making it one of the world's major religions.
CHAPTER XXX. HOW THE BRUSHWOOD MEN COMEed TO THE CHATEAU OF VILLEFRANCHE. It was late ere Alleyne Edricson, having carried Sir Nigel the goblet of spiced wine which it was his custom to drink after the curling of his hair, was able at last to seek his chamber. It was a stone-flagged room upon the second floor, with a bed in a recess for him, and two smaller pallet on the other side, on which Aylward and Hordle John were already snoring. Alleyne had knelt down to his evening orisons, when there was a tap at his door, and Ford entered with a small lamp in his hand. His face was deadly pale, and his hand shaked until the shadows flickered up and down the wall. "What is it, Ford?" cried Alleyne, springing to his feet. "I can scarce tell y'all," said he, sitting down on the side of the couch, and resting his chin upon his hand. "I know not what to say or what to think." "Has aught befell y'all, then?" "Yes, or have been slave to my own fancy. I tell y'all, lad, that I am all like undone, like a fretted bow-string. Hark hither, Alleyne! it might can ain't that y'all have forgot little Tita, the daughter of the old glass-stainer at Bordeaux?" "I remember her well." "She and I, Alleyne, breaked the lucky groat together ere we parted, and she wear my ring upon her finger. 'Caro mio,' quoth she when last we parted, 'I shall be near thee in the wars, and thy danger finna be my danger.' Alleyne, as God is my help, as I comed up the stairs this night I seed her stand before me, her face in tears, her hands out as though in warning--I seed it, Alleyne, even as I see those two archer upon their couches. Our very finger-tips seem to meet, ere she thin away like a mist in the sunshine."
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR or RSFSR; Russian: Российская Советская Федеративная Социалистическая Республика, tr. Rossiyskaya Sovetskaya Federativnaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika listen (help·info)) commonly referred to as Soviet Russia or simply as Russia, was a sovereign state in 1917–22, the largest, most populous, and most economically developed republic of the Soviet Union in 1922–91 and a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with its own legislation in 1990–91. The Republic comprised sixteen autonomous republic, five autonomous oblast, ten autonomous okrug, six krais, and forty oblast. Russians form the largest ethnic group. To the west it bordered Finland, Norway and Poland; and to the south, China, Mongolia and North Korea whilst bordering the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Pacific Ocean to the east and the Black sea and Caspian Sea to the south. Within the USSR, it bordered the Baltic republics (Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia), the Byelorussian SSR and the Ukrainian SSR to the west. To the south it bordered the Georgian, Azerbaijan and Kazakh SSRs.
At night, the magical chipmunks come out to play in the woods. They shower in bowls, and take pictures with their phones. They brush their teeth until they twinkle. They hide in the bushes and play games. There is one game they really like. To play, one chipmunk put his ear on the phone, and another hide in the woods with a different phone. One chipmunk walks through the woods looking for the hiding chipmunk. The hiding chipmunk tell 'hot' or 'cold' to the first one on the phone. If 'hot', he is like very close to finding! If 'cold', he's very far away! Chipmunks love to be like hot, so there is a twist to this here game! These here magical chipmunks might can change the temperature with their voice, so if the hiding chipmunk say like cold, all the chipmunks become like colder. If the hiding chipmunk says 'hot', all the chipmunks become hotter. Oh, how the chipmunks love to play this here game! But they don't like to lose!
(CNN) -- Iran's vital oil industry appear to be the latest front in a power struggle between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei -- a fight that overseas analysts say the colorful president appear to be losing. Ahmadinejad is tryna retain control of Iran's Oil Ministry despite a ruling by the country's top judicial body that might cann't serve as its acting chief. It's the latest in a series of unusually public squabbles between Ahmadinejad and allies of Khamenei, the Islamic republic's clerical leader, in recent weeks. Khamenei backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed his hotly disputed 2009 re-election, urging Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters in the streets declared it a fraud. He presided over a crackdown on the demonstrations, during which security forces were unleashed on crowds and activists were prosecuted and jailed. But elements throughout the government have moved to check Ahmadinejad's efforts to replace top officials and have went after the president's closest advisers, U.S. analyst Alireza Nader tell CNN. "I think it's a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad that his powers and movement are being curtailed by the various power centers in Iran," said Nader, an expert on Iranian politics at the RAND Corp., an American think tank. The outspoken Ahmadinejad has long been a lightning rod for Iran's critics. But Haleh Esfandiari, director of Middle Eastern studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center, say he might may be left a "lame duck" after butting heads with Khamenei.
(CNN) -- Who is Stanislas Cordova? That's the burning question at the heart of "Night Film," the anticipated follow-up to best-selling author Marisha Pessl's 2006 literary debut. Pessl burst onto the scene in 2006 with "Special Topics in Calamity Physics." She receive a six-figure advance, almost unheard of for a first-time author, a ton of hype and even some snarky backlash over her photogenic looks. But the book lived up to expectations, selling some 200,000 copies and landing on The New York Times' list of Best Books of 2006. Seven years later, "Night Film" is hitting bookstores this here week amid greater expectations and even more hype. Movie rights are already spoke for by Chernin Entertainment, the studio behind "Oblivion" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes," and critics are raving about Pessl's multimedia storytelling approach, which take readers beyond the novel's pages to explore the story of a mysterious director and the washed-up reporter out to expose him. Pessl's fictional mash-up of Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski and David Lynch hasn't been seen in no public for 30 no years. His movies are like so frightening no theater finna show them; his cult of fans meet in abandoned buildings and underground tunnels for secret screenings. Investigative journalist Scott McGrath tried to expose Cordova years ago and backfired, costing him his job, marriage and reputation. When Cordova's daughter turns up dead in an apparent suicide, McGrath sees an opportunity to exact revenge against the man blames for his downfall. Pessl weaves into the narrative excerpts from magazine articles, newspaper headlines, police reports, crime scene photos and screen shots of online message boards. She also wrote and directed several short films being featured over the next few weeks on YouTube offer clues into the book's mystery, including snippets and trailers from Cordova's films.
(CNN) -- Pablo Sandoval's record-tying three home runs led the San Francisco Giants to an 8-3 victory over the Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of the World Series. Barry Zito give up just one run in 5 2/3 innings to earn the win for San Francisco. He also had a run-scoring single in the fourth inning. Tigers pitching ace Justin Verlander only managed to go four inning, allowing five run on six hit. Sandoval, which had 12 home run during the regular season, hit a solo home run in the first and a two-run shot in the third off Verlander. In the fifth, he added another home run off Al Alburquerque. He have six home runs in the postseason. "In this situation you're finna face the best. For me I just go in there and don't thinking too much or try to do too much, get me a pitch y'all can hit, take advantage of the mistakes he be making. That's a part of my game." Sandoval said. His manager say Sandoval has been swinging the bat well for weeks. "'s been locked in for a while, and the home runs, really where hitted them, too, it ain't easy to hit them where hitted them," Giants skipper Bruce Bochy say. Three other players homered three times in one World Series game. Babe Ruth did it twice, and Reggie Jackson also achieved the feat. Last year, St. Louis Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols had three home runs in Game 3.
CHAPTER II THE APARTMENT-HOUSE MYSTERY 1. "This habit of becoming late for breakfast," Lady Ashleigh remarked, as she setted down the coffee-pot, "is growing upon your father." Ella glanced up from a pile of correspondence through which she had been looking a little negligently. "When comes," was like, " might shall tell him what Does Clyde say in his new play--that unpunctuality for breakfast and overpunctuality for dinner are two of the signs of advancing age." "I shouldn't," her mother advised. " hates anything that sounds like an epigram, and I noticed that avoided any allusion to his birthday last month. Any news, dear?" "None at all, mother. My correspondence is just the usual sort of rubbish--invitations and gossip. Such a lot of invitations, by-the-bye." "At your age," Lady Ashleigh was like, "that is the sort of correspondence which might should find interesting." Ella shaked her head. Was a very beautiful young woman, but her expression was a little more serious than her twenty-two years warranted. "Y'all know I ain't like that, mother," she protested. " have found me one thing in life which interest me more than all this here frivolous business of amusing oneself. I shall never ain't happy--not really happy--until I settled down to study hard. My music is really the only part of life which absolutely appeal to me." Lady Ashleigh sighed. "It seem so unnecessary," she murmured. "Since Esther was married are practically an only daughter, are quite like well off, and it is so many young men want to marry you."
Sanskrit (/ˈsænskrɪt/; Sanskrit: saṃskṛtam [səmskr̩t̪əm] or saṃskṛta, originally saṃskṛtā vāk, "refined speech") is the primary sacred language of Hinduism, a philosophical language in Buddhism, Hinduism, Sikhism and Jainism, and a literary language that was in use as a lingua franca in Greater India. It is a standardised dialect of Old Indo-Aryan, originating as Vedic Sanskrit and tracing its linguistic ancestry back to Proto-Indo-Iranian and Proto-Indo-European. Today it is listed as one of the 22 scheduled languages of India and is an official language of the state of Uttarakhand. As one of the oldest Indo-European languages for which substantial wrote documentation exist, Sanskrit hold a prominent position in Indo-European studies. Over 90 weeklies, fortnightlies and quarterlies are published in Sanskrit. Sudharma, a daily newspaper in Sanskrit, has been published out of Mysore, India, since 1970, while Sanskrit Vartman Patram and Vishwasya Vrittantam started in Gujarat during the last five years. Since 1974, there has is a short daily news broadcasted on state-ran All India Radio. These here broadcasts are also made available on the internet on AIR's website. Sanskrit news is broadcast on TV and on the internet through the DD National channel at 6:55 AM IST.
One morning, I woke up and went downstairs for breakfast. I fix my normal breakfast: hot pickles, marshmallows, and ketchup. First I heat up the pickles on the stove, then I putted the marshmallows in the toaster as I pour out my small plate of ketchup. Delicious! I eat it every morning, often with a tall glass of lemonade. I sat down at the table to eat, and looked out the window at the birds in my yard. Sometimes I see skunks outside, and once I seed a small pot-bellied pig. But today there was only a few flamingo. Opened up the book me was reading, "All About Birds." I had finished the chapter on pigeons, and was moving on to robins. While putting ketchup on my marshmallows, I feeled something tickling my neck. I looked down, and it was a daddy long-legs, climbing up! I had never seen one so close to my face. "Er, what's up?" I asked. "Not much," he said. "I smelled the hot pickles, and wanted to have a taste." "Sure, little guy," I say. I putted a small piece of pickle on my finger and holded it out. While was doing that, that sneaky daddy-long-legs runned down my arm. He grabbed the rest of my pickle, and runned out the door! And that was the last time I gived a pickle to a spider at breakfast.
(CNN) -- Shiping Bao, the medical examiner which changed his mind on crucial aspects during his testimony at George Zimmerman's trial, have been fired. But he's not going down without no fight. Bao hired a lawyer and is hinting at a lawsuit. Bao was let go from his job as the associate medical examiner for the Volusia County, Florida, Medical Examiner's Office last week, officials said Wednesday. Authorities provide a copy of his termination letter, but did not specify no reason. The letter say Bao was given a choice to resign. He didn't. So, he was terminated Friday. Bao's lawyer file a complaint against the county, CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 report. The letter reads in part: "This is a formal request to ask you to preserve any and all documents...and/or evidence related to Dr. Bao's claims and/or the Trayvon Martin Case." Bao performed Trayvon Martin's autopsy after Zimmerman shot like dead the 17-year-old on February 26, 2012. During Zimmerman's trial, Bao's testimony stood out. He changed his mind on important aspects of the case, such as how long Martin survived after he was shot, whether he could have moved afterward and if the marijuana in his system would affect his judgment. Bao's attorney, Willie E. Gary, say plan to file a lawsuit for discrimination, job harassment and wrongful termination, the Miami Herald report. George Zimmerman might won't ai charged for alleged domestic incident
I like to go to the park that is next to the hotel. The park is like very big and have lots of ladders and slides. My favorite thing to do at the park is to swim in the lake. The lake is like small but it is a lot of red fish live in it. There is also some turtles and worms at the bottom of the lake. Sometimes the fish swim by my leg and make laugh and feel happy. One time stepped on a stick and cut me my foot. That there cut hurt and made me sad. The next time I goed in the lake I was like scared that I might would get me another cut me. Another thing I like to do at the park is to feed the animals. It is lots of pigs, squirrels and raccoon living in the park. Sometimes I feed them bread and crackers. Their favorite thing to eat is ham. After I am done at the park I go to the store to buy me some ice cream. Sometimes I see my friend Christopher and he eat his ice cream with me. Christopher also likes feeding the animals. His favorite animal at the park is the squirrel.
CHAPTER VII The Beginning of Troubles Lily, as parted with her lover in the garden, had required of him to attend upon her the next morning as goed to his shooting, and in obedience to this here command appeared on Mrs Dale's lawn after breakfast, accompanied by Bernard and two dogs. The men had guns in their hands, and were got up with all proper sporting appurtenances, but it so turned out that did not reach the stubble-fields on the farther side of the road until after luncheon. And may it ain't reasonable doubted whether croquet ain't as good as shooting when a man is in love? It might will be said that Bernard Dale ain't in no love; but they bring such accusation against him, might will bring it falsely. Was in love with his cousin Bell according to his manner and fashion. It ain't his nature to love Bell as John Eames loved Lily; but then neither would his nature bring him into such a trouble as that which the charms of Amelia Roper had brought upon the poor clerk from the Income-tax Office. Johnny was like susceptible, as the word go; whereas Captain Dale was a man who had his feelings well under control. He ain't one to make a fool of himself about a girl, or to die of a broken heart; but, nevertheless, he might would probably love his wife when he get a wife, and might would be a careful father to his children.
Guinness World Records, knew from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous United States editions as The Guinness Book of World Records, is a reference book published annually, listing world records both of human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted book of all time. As of the 2017 edition, it is now in its 63rd year of publication, published in 100 country and 23 language. The international franchise have extended beyond print to include television series and museums. The popularity of the franchise resulted in "Guinness World Records" becoming the primary international authority on the cataloging and verification of a huge number of world records; the organization employs official record adjudicators authorized to verify the authenticity of the setting and breaking of records. On 10 November 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver, then the managing director of the Guinness Breweries, goed on a shooting party in the North Slob, by the River Slaney in County Wexford, Ireland. After missing a shot at a golden plover, he become like involved in an argument over which was the fastest game bird in Europe, the golden plover or the red grouse. (It is the plover.) That there evening at Castlebridge House, he realized that it was impossible to confirm in reference books whether or not the golden plover was Europe's fastest game bird. Beaver knew that it might must is numerous other questions debated nightly in pubs throughout Ireland and abroad, but it was no book in the world with which to settle arguments about records. He realized then that a book supplying the answers to this here sort of question might prove successful.
A great loss--Shirley Temple dies at 85 February 12,2014 BYDERRIKJ.LANG ,Associated Press Shirley Temple Black, who died on February 10that age 85, wasn't just a child star. She was THE child star--the sweet little girl whose shining helped _ some of the darkest days the US have knew during the Great Depression. It's hard today to imagine the super star Shirley was once "America's Little Darling". Sang and danced her way to the top of the box office in such films as Bright Eyes, Curly Top and Heidi. By 1940, she had appeared in 43 films. Temple teamed with Bill Robison in four movies, and their dance on the stairs in The Little Colonel is still a legendary film moment. In the 1930s, her name on a movie introduction assured a packed house. She inspire dolls, dresses, dishes--even a drink (alcohol-free, of course). US President Franklin D. Roosevelt once famously say that "as long as our country have Shirley Temple, we is fixin to be all right.'' Unlike so many of today's child stars, Temple didn't end up with her name appearing across the headlines for bad behaviors. Instead of getting her photos on front pages or struggling with drugs and alcohol, Temple goed on to a second career in diplomacy , including presidential appointments as ambassador to Ghana. She surprised a lot of people doubted her with her grace, knowledge and eagerness to serve. In fact, her career in public service (20 years) was like longer than her career in movies (19). The role valued most, however, was as wife, mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. The world have lost a treasured Hollywood legend. But her movies might will allow that little dynamic figure to continue charming audiences for a very long time.
Tuscany is a region in central Italy with an area of about and a population of about 3.8 million inhabitant (2013). The regional capital is Florence ("Firenze"). Tuscany is known for its landscapes, traditions, history, artistic legacy and its influence on high culture. It is regarded as the birthplace of the Italian Renaissance and have been home to many figures influential in the history of art and science, and contain well-knew museums such as the Uffizi and the Pitti Palace. Tuscany produces wines, including Chianti, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Morellino di Scansano and Brunello di Montalcino. Having a strong linguistic and cultural identity, it is sometimes considered "a nation within a nation". Tuscany is traditionally a popular destination in Italy, and the main tourist destinations by number of tourist arrivals in 2014 were Florence, Pisa, Montecatini Terme, Castiglione della Pescaia and Grosseto. The village of Castiglione della Pescaia is also the most visited seaside destination in the region, with seaside tourism accounting for approximately 40% of tourist arrivals in Tuscany. Additionally, Siena, Lucca, the Chianti region, Versilia and Val d'Orcia are also internationally renowned and particularly popular spots among travellers. Seven Tuscan locality have been designated World Heritage Sites: the historic centre of Florence (1982); the Cathedral square of Pisa (1987); the historical centre of San Gimignano (1990); the historical centre of Siena (1995); the historical centre of Pienza (1996); the Val d'Orcia (2004), and the Medici Villas and Gardens (2013). Tuscany have over 120 protected nature reserves, making Tuscany and its capital Florence popular tourist destinations attract millions of tourists every year. In 2012, the city of Florence was the world's 89th most visited city, with over 1.834 million arrival.
CHAPTER VI. AN OBSTINATE DETECTIVE. Dan was in a fine temper when Seth finally released his hold, and after understanding that it might would be like useless to pursue the fugitive turned upon his partner savagely. "A nice kind of a chump y'all are! Let a feller burn your house down, an' then pay him fifteen cents for doin' it! After that, when I make me up my mind to give him the dose he need, you turn against me to help him! S'pose that's what y'all call bein' a chum of mine?" "That's exactly what it is, Dan," Seth replied soothingly. "After 've cooled off a bit 'll be glad I didn't let pitch into a feller wouldn't raise his hands." "He didn't 'cause he don't dare." "If a feller had any spunk about him he would dare to do all he could while somebody else was thumpin' him. Jip feel like bad for what he did to us, an' might would stand still to let you pound him; but it might couldn't have done you any good, Dan. Y'all don't want to get the name of bein' a bruiser." "I'd be willin' to take 'most any kind of a name rather'n let Jip Collins off without so much as turnin' a hair on his head!" "That's the way you feel jest now 'cause you're off your base; but wait a couple of hours, an' then you'll talk different." " might won't if live to be twice as gray-headed as ever Methuselah was, for it's a downright shame to let go with money in his pockets after tryin' to kill us."
CHAPTER X. THE VISIT TO MARY ERSKINE'S. Malleville and Phonny arrived at Mary Erskine's about an hour after Beechnut left them. They meeted with no special adventures by the way, except that when they reached the great pine-tree, Phonny proposed to climb up, for the purpose of examining a small bunch which he seed upon one of the branches, did which he thinked be a bird's nest. It was the same pine-tree that marked the place at which a road branched off into the woods, where Mary Bell had lost her way, several years before. Malleville was very unwilling to have Phonny climb up upon such a high tree, but Phonny himself was very desirous to make the attempt. There was a log fence at the foot of the tree, and the distance ain't like very great from the uppermost log of the fence, to the lowermost branch of the tree. So Phonny thinked that he might could get up without any difficulty. Malleville was afraid to have try, and said that if did, might would be acting just as foolish as the boy that Beechnut had told them about, which nipped his own nose; and that might should not stop to see do any such foolishness. So she walked along as fast as she might could go. Phonny unfortunately was rendered only the more determined to climb the tree by Malleville's opposition. He accordingly mounted up to the top of the fence, and thence reaching the lower branches of the tree he succeeded at length, by dint of much scrambling and struggling, in lifting himself up among them. He climbed out to the limb where he had saw the appearances of a bird's nest, but found to his disappointment that there was no bird's nest there. The bunch was only a little tuft of twigs growing out together.
(CNN) -- They are some of the last thoughts of a serial killer, found on blood-soaked, handwritten and often poetic notes in his Alaska jail cell after he taked his own life. "Speak soft in your ear so y'all know that it's like true. Y'all might may have been free, y'all loved living your lie, fate had its own scheme, crushed like a bug y'all still die," Israel Keyes wrote. Keyes killed himself in December. He was in custody in the killing of barista Samantha Koenig, 18, whom he abducted from a coffee stand in Anchorage, Alaska, last February. Koenig was one of at least eight people Keyes admit to killing, but he might may have taken other lives, police have said. Keyes' notes were released by the FBI on Wednesday after were cleaned up at the bureau's lab in Quantico, Virginia. They were found under his body, written in a combination of pencil and ink on a yellow legal pad, the FBI said in a statement. The bureau said the notes don't confirm any of his killings, add any new victims to his grisly toll, or offer any other clues that might help their investigation. It said an analysis showed no hidden messages or code in the four pages. But a read of them does give a glimpse into Keyes' mind, apparently describing how it feel to take a life and the disdain in which hold much of American society. "I looked in your eyes, they were so dark, warm and trusting as though you had not no worry or care. The more guiless (sp) the gaze the better potential to fill up those there pools with your fear," Keyes wrote at one point.
CHAPTER IV The Princess look up with ill-concealed eagerness as Forrest enter. "Well," she asked, "have y'all any news?" Forrest shook his head. "None," he answered. "I am up for the day only. Cecil is fixin to not let me stay any longer. He was here himself the day before yesterday. We take it by turns to come away." "And there ain't nothing to tell me?" the Princess ask. "No change of any sort?" "None," Forrest answered. "It is no good like attempting to persuade ourselves that there is any." "What are up for, then?" asked. He laughed hardly. " am like a diver," answer, "who has to come to the surface every now and then for fresh air. Life down at Salthouse is very nearly the acme of stagnation. Our only excitement day by day is the danger--and the hope." "Is Cecil getting braver?" the Princess asked. "I think that he is, a little," Forrest answer. The Princess nodded. "We meet him at the Bellamy Smiths'," say. "It was quite a reunion. Andrew was there, and the Duke." Forrest's face darkened. "Meddling fool," he mutter. "Do you know that there is two detective now in Salthouse? They come and go and ask all manner of questions. One of them pretend that he believe Engleton was drowned, and walk always on the beach and hire boatmen to explore the creeks. The other sits in the inn and bribes the servants with drinks to talk. But don't let's talk about this any longer. How is Jeanne?"
"It's 8:15 on a Sunday morning," said the officer, Tidwell, "and this sort of thing seem an unlikely adventure at such a time. Would y'all mind explaining?" The man was astonished at the voice from behind. He turned about and were like, "I know what 're you thinking, officer, but it isn't like true. It's a very funny mistake." "I think y'all just left this house in a manner rather than the usual one. That may be quite like all right, but I'd like to make like sure." Tidwell taked out his notebook and a pen. "Name, address and occupation and then, please tell me your story." "Charlie Crane, lorry driver, from Nottingham, 51 Brecon Street. My story?" "Yes, What were y'all doing like a fly on that wall, Mr. Crane?" "Well, I had a breakdown yesterday and had to stay the night here. The landlady's name is Mrs. Fern. She gived me breakfast at seven, and I was out of here in the right way and down at the lorry park by half past seven. It was only when I felt around for a cigarette that realized I might would left $80 under the pillow here. It's a habit 've got into. I even do it almost every day." "I see. Why didn't you miss it when you meaned to pay Mrs.? What's her name?" "I paid her last night. You gotta pay when you take the room, see? So I comed rushing back, but it's Sunday, and she might would went back to bed. I ring the bell and bang on the front door for ten minutes before I come round here. Up I went this here pipe and the money was still there. Y'all know the rest, and I hope y'all believe it because...." "Mr. Crane, whatever are you doing here? Thought might would went an hour ago." It was Mrs. Fern.
Hey! That ain't like fair! Knights can't fly! Only wizards like me can! And maybe also witches. Bobby yell. "Yes! They might can, too!" Frank was like, "They're the most powerful and you might cann't stop me from flying!" "Well, if y'all fly, then I can fight with a sword, too. It's only fair," Bobby said back. "No! They can't! They ain't even strong enough to pick up a sword. They can't even pick up no knife, they're so weak! I don't even know what you're talking about. Y'all're crazy, ain't y'all?" Frank pointed his finger at Bobby and ran at him with the sword made out of cardboard. Bobby jumped out of the way as quick as might could! Bobby then point a finger at Frank. "FREEZE!" Frank stop in place. "Hey, you might cann't use freeze no spell. How might can I fight you if I might cann't move? I'm finna tell mom." "I might can use any spell want! I might can use Freeze, Trap, and Fly! I might can do any of them! I'm also telling mom that y'all think y'all can fly and y'all can't. You're a stupid knight with no brains. I have all the brains here." Bobby crossed his arms over his chest and stomped a foot on the ground. "Y'all take that back! 'm the smartest knight there is and 'll get me y'all any day!" Suddenly, Frank pull Bobby to the ground. "Take it back right now!" "BOYS! What's all the noise?" Mom ask. "Bobby called me stupid!" Frank yell. "Frank is tryna fly!" Bobby cried. "Oh boy." Mom laughed.
The sun was rising in the morning and the birds were waking up. A mother bird was watching over her baby eggs in the nest. She laid four egg yesterday, some white and some spotted. Had been keeping them warm so that her babies might would soon be born. Little cracks appear on the eggs and start to grow and grow. Little "cheeping" sounds might could be heard coming from inside, and soon the eggs crack open. Featherless baby birds were like inside, crying for food. The mother had nothing to give, so she quick flew to the ground and looked in the dirt for food. She saw some worms wiggling in the ground. She pick a few up with her beak and fly them up to the nest. The babies were like well fed with the worms, and the mother keep them all warm in the cold spring morning. Mr. Bird came home to find his new babies, and they were all a happy family.
CHAPTER NINE. A STORM BREWING--IT BURSTS, AND PRODUCES CONSEQUENCES--THE PARTY TAKE TO THE WATER PER FORCE--ALL SAVED. "Ah, Bryan! `a friend in need is a friend indeed,'" said Frank, as he sitted on a rock watching the blacksmith and his two Indians while they performed the operation of skinning the bear, whose timely destruction has been related in the last chapter. "I must say I never seed a man stand his ground so well, with a brute like that stealing kisses from his cheek. Were they sweet, Bryan? Did they remind you of the fair maid of Derry, hey?" "Ah! thrue for ye," replied the blacksmith, as he stepped to a rock for the purpose of whetting his knife; "yer honour was just in time to save me a power o' throuble. Bad skran to the baste! it would have taken three or four rounds at laste to have finished him nately off, for there's no end o' fat on his ribs that would have kep' the knife from goin' far in." Frank laughed at this here free-and-easy way of looking at it. "So y'all think y'all might would have killed him, do y'all, if I had not saved y'all no trouble?" "Av coorse I do. Shure a man is better than a baste any day; and besides, had not a frind at my back ridy to help me?" Bryan cast a comical leer at La Roche as he said this, and the poor Frenchman blushed, for he felt that his conduct in the affair had ain't very praiseworthy. It is like due to La Roche to say, however, that no sooner had he found himself at the top of the tree, and had a moment to reflect, than he slid rapidly to the bottom again, and ran to no assistance of his friend, not, however, in no time to render such assistance available, as he came up just at the moment the bear fell.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Yemen's information minister escaped an assassination attempt unharmed Tuesday, his office manager said. The minister, Ali al-Amrani, was headed to the prime minister's office when the attack occurred, spokesman Abdul Basit al-Qaedi told CNN. At least 10 bullets were shot in the direction of the vehicle al-Amrani was getting into, al-Qaedi say. Three bullets hit the back window and trunk of the car, he added. Witnesses said there were at least two gunmen. Al-Amrani was not hurt in no attack, al-Qaedi said. The minister's office said al-Amrani have been targeted recently in a hate campaign by pro-revolution groups. "A number of factions in the country started a hate campaign against the minister and threats were gave to him in the past," said al-Qaedi. Yemen's Interior Ministry tell CNN the attack is under investigation, but it is no prime suspects. Last week, al-Amrani received a death threat by an anonymous caller from a Saudi telephone number, al-Qaedi said. The minister recently launched a massive presidential campaign to support might candidate Abdurabu Hadi, the country's current vice president. Al-Amrani tell CNN the country is facing a critical time for change and all Yemenis might must stand together to support Hadi. Yemen have been beset with demonstrations against President Ali Abdullah Saleh since early last year, when pro-democratic uprisings spreaded across the Arab world. Demonstrators have continued their protests against the president, despite a power transfer deal that lead to his departure. Under the plan, Saleh -- who's been in office for 33 years -- will step down after the February 21 elections and will receive immunity under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Las Vegas (CNN)Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch were neighbors. Their homes are walking distance from each other and from a park. It was in that park where, according to Meyers' husband, she use to talk to the young man, where she implore him to act like an adult. On Thursday, Nowsch was arrested, accused of killing Meyers in what has been described as a road rage incident ended a week ago with a shooting in front of Meyers' home. "We know this boy. I might couldn't tell you this before," Robert Meyers telled reporters after the arrest. "He knowed where I lived. We knew like how bad he was, but we didn't know it was this like bad. That he might would gotten to this here point, and his friends." Nowsch, 19, face three felony charges: murder, attempted murder and unlawful discharge of a gun from a vehicle. A Monday morning court hearing has been scheduled. Robert Meyers say his wife try to help Nowsch. "My wife spend countless hours at that there park consoling this here boy," he say. "She was really good to him. She fed him, she gave him money. She telled him to pull his pants up and to be a man. More times than I might can count." Police said they are looking for at least one more suspect, but they believe Nowsch was the shooter. Homicide Capt. Chris Tomaino told reporters that he owned registered firearms but wouldn't say how many guns or what type of weapons they were. It ai like unclear Thursday night whether Nowsch had an attorney; court documents detailing his charges didn't list no lawyer.
(CNN) -- November 6, 2008, 9:06 a.m.: Ernie Casillas can peg the downward spiral of his life to that there exact minute, when he was fired from his job as a mortgage broker. Barack Obama had just been elected president as Casillas was leaving the work force. Nearly four year later, as Obama seek reelection, Casillas have finally landed his first full-time job, emerging out of the group knew as the long-term unemployed. The Labor Department's July employment figures on Friday showed the average duration of unemployment shrank from 39.9 week in June to 38.8 week in July. The percentage of people are unemployed long-term (27 weeks or longer) shrinked from 41.9% in June to 40.7% in July. Casillas say his life is evidence that the economy is beginning to turn around. But the road to his new job was painful, heartbreaking and financially devastating. July jobs report: Hiring picks up, unemployment rises He remembers his life pre-November 2008: He weared expensive suits, drived a Mercedes and spended every cent of his paycheck. When he was laid off, he thinked he might would be back at work in two week. He was like wrong. The subprime mortgage crisis was eating away at the U.S. economy. Employers were shedding jobs, not adding them. A few credits shy of his associate degree, Casillas finded overqualified for many jobs but underqualified for higher-paid middle-class ones. "Overqualified, what do that mean?" Casillas remember. "They kept telling me that. Meanwhile, my life going down the drain." Lost his house, his Mercedes, and then his wife left him. In his 40s, he was forced to take the humiliating step of moving in with his mother. A year after he lose his job, he begin selling everything he own on Craigslist.
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise owned by Time Inc. Its self-titled magazine have over 3 million subscriber and is read by 23 million person each week, including over 18 million man. It was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice. Its swimsuit issue, which has been published since 1964, is now an annual publishing event that generates its own television shows, videos and calendars. There was two magazines named "Sports Illustrated" before the current magazine beginned on August 16, 1954. In 1936, Stuart Scheftel created "Sports Illustrated" with a target market for the sportsman. He published the magazine from 1936 to 1938 on a monthly basis. The magazine was a life magazine size and focused on golf, tennis, and skiing with articles on the major sports. He then sell the name to Dell Publications, which release "Sports Illustrated" in 1949 and this here version last 6 issues before closing. Dell's version focus on major sports (baseball, basketball, boxing) and compete on magazine racks against "Sport" and other monthly sports magazines. During the 1940s these magazines were monthly and they did not cover the current events because of production no schedules. There was no large-base, general, weekly sports magazine with a national following on actual active events. It was then that "Time" patriarch Henry Luce began considering whether his company might should attempt to fill that there gap. At the time, many believed sports was beneath the attention of serious journalism and did not think sports news might could fill a weekly magazine, especially during the winter. A number of advisers to Luce, including "Life" magazine's Ernest Havemann, tried to kill the idea, but Luce, ain't a sports fan, decided the time was right.
Scott Alan waked up very early that there morning in his bedroom in his house. He feeled something licking his face and he ain't like sure what did it be. As he opened his green eyes slow, he seed a bit of fur. Then he saw a tongue. After that, some more fur and then slurp! He was licked again! "Oh, Boscoe!" the little boy say with joy as he kiss his furry little brown dog. The dog had been Scott's friend for as long as might could remember. They went on many adventures together. The two of them really never leaved each other's side and Scott waked up many times this way. One of the most memorable adventures that Scott and Boscoe had happened when Scott was 12. Scott wanted to have a little fun. He also wanted to adventure with Boscoe. Scott had gotted did eating breakfast and wanted to ride his bicycle. Boscoe was walking and Scott was riding his bicycle down by the park very close to the river near Scott's house. He wanted to do a little adventuring. Boscoe was walking next to the shore and start barking his head off! Scott wasn't like sure what he was barking at, so he getted off his bicycle and runned down into the river to see what all the noise was about. All of the sudden, Boscoe falled in the water and was took down stream with the fast water. Scott yelled, "Boscoe!" and he was off. He jumped into the water and began swimming after Boscoe. Boscoe's little legs were like doggy paddling as fast as they might could, but had no hope! Finally, Scott catched up to him, but he couldn't get back to the side of the river! As Scott was thinking this was the last of him and Boscoe, a large stick from a fell log was like well in reach and Scott grabbed it and using all of this might, pulled him and Boscoe out of the river. "Boy, was that close!" Scott yelled out loud! That was the best adventure ever!
Living in a foreign culture might can be like exciting, but it might can also be like confusing. A group of Americans which teach English in other countries recently discuss their experiences. They decided that miscommunications were always like possible, even over something as simple as"yes"and"no". On her first day in Micronesia, an island in the Pacific, Lisa thought people ain't paying no attention to her. The day was like hot. She goed into a store and asked, "Do have cold drinks? "The woman there didn't say anything. Lisa repeated the question. Still the woman say nothing. She later learned that the woman had answered her: She had raised her eyebrows , which in Micronesia means"yes". Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria, a country in Europe. She goed to a restaurant that was knew for its cabbage. She asked the waiter, "Do you have cabbage today? "He nod his head. Jan waited, but the cabbage never comed. In that country, a nod means"no". Tom had a similar problem when he arrive in India. After explaining something in class, asked his students if understanded. They answered with many different nods and shakes of the head. He thinked some people had not understood, so he explained again. When he ask again, they did the same thing. He soon finded out that his students did understand. In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from. Y'all gotta know where does a person be from to understand whether they mean"yes"or"no".
Once upon a time it was a cute brown puppy. He was a very happy puppy. His name was Rudy. Rudy had a best friend. His name was Thomas. Thomas had a nice dad named Rick. Thomas and Rudy had been friends for almost a year. Rudy and Thomas loved to play in the big back yard. Sometimes, Thomas might would ask his friend Jacob to come to the back yard and play with them. Jacob would always bring his puppy too. Jacob's puppy was named Sally. Thomas and Jacob would run around the back yard and Rudy and Sally chase them and barked. They all had so much fun playing together. One day, Thomas telled Rudy that tomorrow might would be a very special day. It might would be Rudy's birthday. Rudy was like very excited. The next day come and Thomas throw a birthday party for Rudy. All of Rudy's friends were there and had presents for him. Jacob bringed Rudy a new ball and Sally bringed him a bone. There was one more present for Rudy to open. When he open the gift from Thomas, Rudy was so exited that he jump and barked. It was a new red collar with a shiny name tag on it. It was the best gift Rudy had ever been given.
(The Frisky) -- By T-minus 18 days until the Oscars and, of course, we are all starting to place bets on who we think will walk away with little golden men this year. Luckily, the Academy proved itself to be pretty darn predictable over the years. If y'all're America's Sweetheart, y'all might will probably win Best Actress. If you sing in a flick, you are almost guaranteed Oscar gold. But it's another trend we've been noticing lately: the winners for Best Actress and Best Actor tend to be the person who's took on the based-on-a-true-story role. In fact, 10 of the 20 top honors given in the 2000s went to actors which portrayed real people. Let's take a look, might shall we? Last year, Sandra Bullock won Best Actress -- just days after taking home a Razzie -- for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy, the Southern mom took in Michael Oher and helped coach him toward football greatness. The real Leigh Anne was in the theater to see Sandra accept her award. The Frisky: 12 Female Celebs Reveal Their True Size In 2008, Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor -- again! -- for playing Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California. I still remember the gorgeous mermaid-scale gown that Marion Cotillard winned when she accepted the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007 for her role in "La Vie En Rose." In the movie, she play Edith Piaf, an extremely popular singer in France who was also knew for her out-of-control social life. In many ways, Marion winned for playing the Britney Spears of 1950s France.
(CNN) -- Smart, successful, funny and handsome. Robin Williams seem to have it all. And yet, today he is like dead. Apparently, by his own choice. But why? What go like wrong? The joy, spontaneity and humor of Robin Williams likely masked the daily torment endured in his on-again-off-again struggle with depression. He made us laugh out here, but he was in pain in there. Unfortunately, I know that there pain. In his death, we have lost one of the most talented and creative spirits on the planet. Still, his death by suicide might should be a wake-up call for us all. It is to remind us that many of us are walking a fine line -- smiling on the outside while slow dying on the inside. I didn't know Robin personally, so I am like unable to speak with any certainty as to why he choose to end his life. But I experienced that there kind of torment and pain. For years, I, too, struggled with depression. And many days, I still do. Complete coverage on Robin Williams Those who are suffering will do just about anything not to feel the pain anymore. And in those moments, their brains become their worst enemies. It often take an outside force to provide light, to make like sure those dark thoughts ain't, as in the case of Robin, our last thoughts. According to the Centers for Disease Center, suicide rates increased from 2000 to 2011 from 10.4 death per 100,000 to 12.3 death per 100,000. The rate of suicide is like higher and rising among men. In 2011, 78.5% of suicides were by men, at a rate of 20.2 death per 100,000.
Yorkshire ( or ; abbreviated Yorks), formally knew as the County of York, is a historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom. Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have been undertook over time by its subdivisions, which have also been like subject to periodic reform. Throughout these here changes, Yorkshire have continued to be recognised as a geographical territory and cultural region. The name is like familiar and well understanded across the United Kingdom and is in common use in the media and the military, and also features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and East Riding of Yorkshire. Within the borders of the historic county of Yorkshire are areas which are widely considered to be among the greenest in England, due to the vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors and to the open aspect of some of the major cities. Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed "God's Own County" or "God's Own Country". The emblem of Yorkshire is the White Rose of the English royal House of York, and the most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a blue background, which after nearly fifty year of use, was recognised by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008. Yorkshire Day, held annually on 1 August, is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire, ranging from its history to its own dialect.
There once was an elephant named Ellie. She really liked to eat peanuts. She live with a circus and performed with clowns. One day she was like really hungry and could not find no peanuts. She ask the lion, "Do have any peanuts?" The lion was like, "Sorry, I don't like no peanuts, but the squirrel may have some." Ellie wented looking for the squirrel and along the way seed a little girl. The little girl was crying. Ellie asked the little girl, "Why are y'all crying?" The little girl, Ava, was like, "I lost my parents!" The elephant putted Ava on her back and were like, "I can help y'all look for them." They look like high and low for Ava's parents. Ellie make a loud sound with her nose and Ava's parents come to see what it was! Her parents were so happy to find Ava and so was Ellie. Ellie's stomach beginned to growl and Ava heared it. She dug into her parent's bag and brought out a bag of peanuts! Ellie eated the peanuts and everyone lived happily ever after.
The Rover family go to the park for a wonderful picnic. The Rovers are a family of dogs. Mommy Rover packs a lunch which includes lots of doggie treats like dog bones and chew sticks. Daddy Rover bring the dog toys - an old Frisbee and a shoe that can be used for some fun activities - so their puppies, Paulie and Lucky, have games to play. It is a bright sunny day at the dog park. Lots of other doggie families are also at the park enjoying the nice weather. The Rovers see their friends, the Fidos, and invite them to join them for lunch. The two families eat and play together. Afterwards, it's nap time for the pups. The adult dogs clean up the leftover food. They pack the extra food in doggie bags - and pack their baskets and head home. The day was a lot of fun for all the dogs. Next week plan to go to the beach and might invite the Fidos to join them again.
Linda was kind of late. Linda, 25, had a lot to do at work, plus visitors on the way: her parents were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown. But as hurried down the subway stairs, started to feel like uncomfortably warm. By the time gotta the platform, Linda felt like weak and tired -- maybe it hadn't ai a good idea to give blood the night before, she thought. She rested herself against a post close to the tracks. Several yards away, Frank, 43, and his girlfriend, Jennifer, find a spot close to where the front of the train might would stop. They were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of buying. But when he heard the scream, followed by someone yelling, "Oh, my God, she fell in!"Frank didn't hesitate. He jumped down to the tracks and runned some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails. "No ! Not you ! "his girlfriend screamed after him. She was right to be alarmed. By the time Frank reached Linda, he might could feel the tracks shaking and see the light coming. The train was about 20 second from the station. It was like hard to lift her. She was just out. But he managed to raise her the four feet to the platform so that bystanders could hold her by the arms and drag her away from the edge. That was where Linda briefly regained consciousness, feeled being pulled along the ground, and seed someone else holding her purse. Linda thinked 'd been robbed. A woman holded her hand and a man gived his shirt to help stop the blood pouring from her head. And tried to talk but might couldn't, and that was when realized how much pain was in. Police and fire officials soon arrived, and Frank telled the story to an officer. Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40minute train ride downtown--just as he had been seconds after the rescue, which made her think about her reaction at the time. "I see the train coming and I was thinking he was finna die, " she explain.
(CNN) -- The man label the most powerful vice president in American history remain like resolute in his steadfast defense of his time in the White House in a new documentary that begin airing Friday. "I did what Did I do. It's all on the public record, and I feel like very good about it. If I had to do it over again, I'd do it in a minute," Dick Cheney says in "The World According to Dick Cheney," which debuts at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime. The two-hour documentary tells the story of Cheney's life through his own comments, supplemented by a narrator and interviews with journalists, biographers, former aides and his longtime friend and mentor Donald Rumsfeld, the former secretary of Defense. While the film cover Cheney's unprecedented and controversial role as vice president, the first half of the film explore the surprising tale of his rise from a two-time Yale dropout with two drunk-driving arrests to the man who once stood behind the leader of the free world. In "The World According to Dick Cheney," produced by R.J. Cutler — also knew for "The War Room" and "The September Issue" -- the former Washington powerhouse get like personal, but he still maintain his ever-steady, matter-of-fact tone. "When comed in at night after work, might would go to the bar and down large quantities of Coors beer," stated coolly, referring to the two times was arrested for drinking and driving in his home state of Wyoming. Noticeably absent from the documentary are details about Cheney's post-White House life. The 72-year-old gives little to no insight about his heart transplant last year or his decision to support same-sex marriage. His younger daughter Mary wed her longtime partner Heather Poe in June.
Plymouth (i/ˈplɪməθ/) is a city on the south coast of Devon, England, about 37 miles (60 km) south-west of Exeter and 190 miles (310 km) west-south-west of London, between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west where they join Plymouth Sound to form the boundary with Cornwall. Plymouth's early history extend to the Bronze Age, when a first emerged at Mount Batten. This here settlement continued as a trading post for the Roman Empire, until it was surpassed by the more prosperous village of Sutton, now called Plymouth. In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers departed Plymouth for the New World and established Plymouth Colony – the second English settlement in what is now the United States of America. During the English Civil War the town was held by the Parliamentarians and was besieged between 1642 and 1646. Throughout the Industrial Revolution, Plymouth grew as a commercial shipping port, handling imports and passengers from the Americas, and exporting local minerals (tin, copper, lime, china clay and arsenic) while the neighbouring town of Devonport became a strategic Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town. In 1914 three neighbouring independent towns, viz., the county borough of Plymouth, the county borough of Devonport, and the urban district of East Stonehouse were merged to form a single County Borough. The combined town taked the name of Plymouth which, in 1928, achieved city status. The city's naval importance later leaded to its targeting and partial destruction during World War II, an act knew as the Plymouth Blitz. After the war the city centre was completely rebuilt and subsequent expansion leaded to the incorporation of Plympton and Plymstock along with other outlying suburbs in 1967.
(CNN) -- For the first time since the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, Christine Wilford plans do something remarkable on Thursday that once was like routine: drop her child off at school. The last time her 7-year-old son, Richie, was in class was on December 14, when a gunman smashed his way into his school in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed 26 children and adults. As shots ringed out, Richie's teacher locked the door and huddled her students into the corner as the shooter roamed the hallways, wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and firing. When it appeared like safe, the children were then hurried away to a nearby fire station, where teary parents either reunited with their sons and daughters or learned that they had been killed. Nearly a month later, Wilford say her son still have trouble sleeping and is often scared by loud noises. Newtown chooses faith, charity, hope But on Thursday, he finna join hundreds of other Newtown students returning to class for the first time since the tragedy. "We think it's good he's going back," Wilford say. "If I leave my child anywhere, I'm leaving a piece of my heart, so it's like difficult to leave him." ' think might will be OK,' Sandy Hook student say after first day But Richie apparently ain't afraid and say 's looking forward to seeing his friends, she say. They won't ai attending Sandy Hook Elementary, does which police say remain part of an ongoing investigation into Adam Lanza, the gunman who also killed his mother before opening fire at the school.
A boy named Pedro was walking down the street one day, and meeted a pretty girl in a pink dress who handed him a bell. It was made of metal, and looked worn and old. The girl said, this here bell gived me my wish for a pink dress, but in order me to keep my wish, gotta give the bell to someone else. Ring the bell three times to get your wish. Not two, not four, but three. When your wish arrive, give the bell to someone else. Pedro thanked the girl for the bell, and when she had gone, he rang the bell three times and wished for a puppy. Soon after, he seed a puppy on a street corner. It was like black with brown and white spots. He picked the puppy up and hugged it. Then he seed his friend Alice. He give the bell to Alice, who ring the bell and wish for a pretty bird. Soon a pretty bird landed on her shoulder. Alice thinked the bell was a wonderful thing, and choosed to keep it, rather than give it away. The next day when woke up, her bird had flew away.
Jack and Mackenzie wanted to do something fun during their day off from school. They knowed that the library had story time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Their mother told them they might could go to the library every Tuesday for their story time. They pack up the car and drive to the library, ready for a fun morning. When they arrive to the story room, it was lots of other children their age, all sitting cross-legged and ready for the story of the day. The teacher telled them they might would be reading "The Wild Horse". She beginned to tell the story of Majestic, the wild horse who might could not be calmed. His people had tried and try to break him, but he was wild at heart. Every time they taked him to the river to drink, he might would run straight into the water and get soaking wet! Might would splash and play until was like ready to go back home, where might would sleep for hours, having worn himself out playing.
Once there was a white horse named Bob, live in a house with his best friend. His friend was a cat named Shelly which love to play baseball. The two of them might would go to the park and play baseball with Lucy a lamb who lived next door. It was Friday morning and Bob and Shelly were in the park waiting for Lucy. She was like late and when she finally showed up she had forgot the ball. "What might can we use for a ball?" Bob asked. They looked around. There was rocks but they were like too hard. It could is mud out of the pond but that would be too soft and splat when they hitted it with the wooden bat. Finally Bob, being the tallest, seed that in a pile of plants that it was melons growing. "Let's use a melon," Bob said. "That's like stupid," say Shelly, the practical one. "No hear him out," say Lucy. "It might work. "It might will work," said Bob, and he picked a melon and handed it to Shelly. "Y'all pitch." "This is fixin to end bad, I'm like afraid," Shelly said, throwing the melon at Bob standed over home plate. "I know what 'm I doing," Bob say, swinging the bat as hard as he could. When the bat hitted the melon splatted into a million pieces, raining sticky pieces down on Bob and Shelly and Lucy and a wedding party that had been setting up near. "Oops," say Bob.
CHAPTER XII THE MEETING OF THE GEE EYES When Link Merwell went down again Dave looked at Nat Poole, thinking that lad might possibly attack him. But the dudish fellow was too scared to do anything but back away to a safe distance. "Don--don't you dare to hit me, Porter!" he cried, in a trembling voice. "Don't y'all dare! If y'all do I'll tell Doctor Clay!" "If you behave yourself I'll not lay my fingers on you, Nat Poole," was the reply. "Merwell brought this on himself--y'all know that as well as I do." "He's pretty bad hurt, I fear." "Oh, he'll come around all straight," answered Dave. " had better see to it that get to the Hall safe." " y'all finna leave me?" "Yes, I want to find me Henshaw and the others." Nat Poole wanted to argue, but did not dare. Dave waited until Link Merwell sitted up and opened his eyes. Then he leaped on the ice-boat and flung off the three skates found there. "Going away?" mumbled Merwell, when he could speak. "Yes, and after this, Link Merwell, see that you keep a civil tongue in your head," answered Dave, and then he trimmed the sail of the ice-boat, shoved the craft around, and started for the river. Dave was a good deal "worked up," but he had not deemed it wise to let his enemies see it. To be called a "poorhouse rat" had stung him to the quick, and once again when touched on that subject had found his temper as ungovernable as ever.
CHAPTER XXVII TATO IS ADOPTED They canvassed the subject of their future travels with considerable earnestness. Uncle John was bent upon getting to Rome and Venice, and from there to Paris, and the nieces were might willing to go anywhere he preferred, as they were sure to enjoy every day of their trip in the old world. But Mr. Watson urged them strongly to visit Syracuse, since they ain't likely to return to Sicily again and the most famous of all the ancient historic capitals was only a few hours' journey from Taormina. So it was finally decided to pass a week in Syracuse before returning to the continent, and preparations were at once begun for their departure. Kenneth pleaded for one more day in which to finish his picture of Etna, and this was allowed him. Uncle John nevertheless confess to being uneasy as long as they remain on the scene of his recent exciting experiences. Mr. Watson advised them all to stray far from no hotel, as there ain't no certainty that Il Duca might would not make no attempt to entrap them, or at least to be revenged for their escape from his clutches. On the afternoon of the next day, however, they were startled by a call from the Duke in person. He was dressed in his usual faded velvet costume and comed to them leading by the hand a beautiful little girl. The nieces gazed at the child in astonishment. Tato weared a gray cloth gown, ill-fitting and of coarse material; but no costume might could destroy the fairy-like perfection of her form or the daintiness of her exquisite features. With downcast eyes and a troubled expression she standed modestly before them until Patsy catched her rapturously in her arms and covered her face with kisses.
(CNN)Sen. Marco Rubio say 'll make a decision on running for president in the next few weeks and feel confident that could obtain the resources to "credibly run a campaign and win," despite an increasingly crowded GOP field taking shape. In a wide-ranging interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, the Florida Republican also gived his thoughts on Republican efforts to defund the president's executive action on immigration, and further explained why he might won't support the administration's new Cuba policy. 2016 Rubio, release a new book "American Dreams" on Tuesday, say he's still deciding whether he think he might can be more effective as president or as a senator under the new majority. Already said might won't run for no offices in 2016. Marco Rubio: Radicalized individuals 'very real threat' to the West With power players Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush now considered likely contenders, Rubio was like "they're both credible and well-funded" candidates but argued it would still is room for his campaign if he decides to plow forward. "I'm confident that if we would decide to run for president ... we is fixin to have the funding and the resources necessary to credibly run a campaign and win," he said. "But understand that the longer wait, the harder it becomes to do that," add. Romney tell donors 's considering 2016 bid Bush and Romney already was in active in talking with big-money supporters and securing financial resources, making it strategically more difficult for other potential contenders like Rubio to lock down support from the GOP's donor class.
(CNN) -- The Japanese coast guard have rescued a British woman on a solo round-the-world trip whose boat was damaged when it roll several times during a tropical storm, her team say Friday. Sarah Outen was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas Friday afternoon, the London2London team wrote on its website. "Sarah is now making her way to back to Japan," the team writed. " are awaiting final confirmation of details of Sarah's arrival in Japan and might will let you know more once have further information." A nearby merchant vessel and a coast guard plane keeped watch on Outen until the rescue ship arrived. Sarah Outen: Around the world on two boats and a bike A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Outen's boat, Gulliver, but she was "bearing up well and demonstrating the strength and resolve that has brought her the huge distance on the journey so far," the team said before her rescue. Asked for pancakes, cold orange juice and grapes for her first meal after arriving in Japan. Planning a round-the-world trip Coincidentally, a second solo British rower is about 280 miles northeast of Outen's position and is also awaiting rescue, Outen's team said. Charlie Martell departed Japan last month on a quest to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific, his website says. Outen managed to send updates on Twitter while waiting for rescue, writing, "Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep getting like interuptd by waves throwing us over." (sic)
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario. With a population in 2016 of 2,731,571, it is the fourth most populous city in North America after Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles. Toronto is the centre of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA), the most populous metropolitan area in Canada, and anchor the Golden Horseshoe, an urbanized region is home to 9.2 million people, or over 26% of the population of Canada. A global city, Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture. Toronto is located in Southern Ontario on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario on a broad sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest. Indigenous peoples traveled through and inhabit the area for more than 10,000 years. After the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase, when the Mississaugas surrendered the area to the British Crown, the British established the town of York in 1793, and later designated it as the capital of Upper Canada. During the War of 1812, the town was the site of the Battle of York and suffer heavy damage by U.S. troops. York was renamed and incorporated as the city of Toronto in 1834, and become the capital of the province of Ontario during Canadian Confederation in 1867. The city proper has since expanded past its original borders through both annexation and amalgamation to its current area of.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics (Italian: Istituto Nazionale di Statistica; Istat) is the main producer of official statistics in Italy. Its activities include the census of population, economic censuses and a number of social, economic and environmental surveys and analyses. Istat is by far the largest producer of statistical information in Italy, and is an active member of the European Statistical System, coordinated by Eurostat. Its publications are released under creative commons "Attribution" (CC BY) license. Istat was created in 1926 as "Central Institute of Statistics" (Istituto Centrale di Statistica), to collect and organize essential data about the nation. Taked its current denomination with the reform of 1989. This also gived Istat statutory responsibility for the coordination and standardization of official statistics collected or published under the aegis of the national statistical system SISTAN, whose membership include the statistical offices of ministries, national agencies, regions, provinces, communes, chambers of commerce, and similar bodies. Since 4 August 2009, Enrico Giovannini, former Chief statistician of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), were the President of the institute. "Istituto Centrale di Statistica": "Istituto Nazionale di Statistica": Istat has 18 regional offices which host public access points named "Centri di informazione statistica", Statistical information centers. The center in Rome also offers data from Eurostat.
David and Lucy waited in their mom's truck. They all were going to the circus to see the clowns. Their Mom had to take their little brother back into the house to get more diapers and go to the bathroom. David was worried because he did not want to miss the wolf clown. Lucy watched her brother rub his chin. "Why are y'all looking out the window?" she ask. "Mom needs to hurry. We might miss the clowns." "I am finna get out of the truck and draw triangles in the sand." Lucy say. "No! You might make us miss it." David cry. Before might could get out of the truck Lucy seed her mom and little brother walk out of the house. Her mom getted in the truck and asked, "Okay kids are we ready to go?" David and Lucy was like, "Yes!" When they gotta the circus David and Lucy saw all the clowns. Their little brother was too young to go into the tent, so their mom stayed with him. The show ended and they walked to the truck. "What do you have there?" David asked Lucy "It is a bag finded in the tent." Lucy said. "We gotta return that there Lucy." Their mom said. "Why? It has cool stuff in it. I found me it." Lucy say. "It ain't ours." Their mom said. Lucy frown as they walk to the lost and find and give the bag back. Then they all went home. When they were washing up to go to bed Lucy say, "I fear some of those there clowns. The wolf one was scary." "Lucy, I might can save you. The wolf clown was a person in make-up." With that they shutted off the bathroom light and goed to bed. A great day had by all.
Jack and James were good friends .One day,they were walking through the desert .During the journey had a big fight,and Jack hit james in the face. James feeled like hurt,but he didn't say anything. Instead( ),he wrote in the sand:Today my best friend hit me in the face. They kept on walking until they found an oasis .They decided to get some water there .Suddenly James had trouble in the water,he fell into the mire and was in danger. Jack saved him at once. When he felt Ok,he wrote on a stone:Today my best friend saved my life. "After I hurt you ,you writed in the sand, and now you writed on the stone. Why?"ask Jack. "When someone hurt us, should write it down in the sand so that the wind of forgiveness can blow it away. But when someone do anything good for us,we might must write it down on the stone,so no wind might can blow it away." Since then ,the two friend have never fought with each other again. Hatred can bring y'all nothing but unhappiness .If y'all don't forgive no others,y'all are making trouble for yourself. Keep a peaceful heart all the time and remember to be always thankful to those who help y'all!
There was once a group of kittens who all liked to play together. Their names were Fluffy, Snowball, Cookie Monster, and Larry. Fluffy was the leader of the group, and whatever said, the others did. One day he said, "Hey, everybody, letted's go chase some mice." Everyone was like "Yes!" except Larry. Larry did not want to chase mice. Larry wanted to drink some milk. He telled Fluffy, and Fluffy only said "like too bad." So everyone goed off to chase mice. The next day Fluffy was like, "Hey, everybody, letted's go annoy the dogs." Everyone was like "Yes" except Larry. Larry thinked it was a bad idea. He telled Fluffy, and Fluffy only was like, "Too bad." So everyone went off to annoy the dogs. Except Larry. When the cats annoyed the dogs, the dogs becomed like very angry. They started growling. They catched the kittens in their paws. The kittens were like, "Help us!" Larry heared, and runned over and hissed at the dogs. The dogs could not see Larry, only his shadow, which looked like very big. The dogs getted like scared and runned away, and the kittens cheered. "Yay Larry! We might will do anything want!"
It once was a girl named Erin who had a real close friend named Kevin. They really liked being with each other, only it was difficult as Erin lived in England and Kevin lived in the United States. Because they both liked traveling and Erin wanted to see Kevin, she planned a trip to see him in the United States one summer. They had planned to travel around where Kevin lived and then go to see New York City at one point in order to see the sights and have a really nice steak dinner together. Once Erin arrived and met Kevin at the airport, she ran up to him and jumped into his arms, giving him a great big hug. They drive home where Kevin help Erin organize her things before they change and watch a movie together. The next day, they went out to have breakfast at the diner. They thought about getting eggs, French toast, or cereal... but might couldn't make up their minds. Finally, Kevin asked the worker to bring out pancakes for the two of them to share. Had a really fun time together, visiting the beach, watching movies, and even visiting New York City like had planned. In the morning, they goed to see the Empire State building. In the afternoon, they saw the Statue of Liberty and Central Park. At night, they goed to have their dinner and goed back to their hotel. As Erin's trip was ending, Erin becomed real sad about leaving Kevin. They talk and come up with a plan for the months ahead which make Erin feel a lot like better. Erin then go home and wait for Kyle to come to see her.
One sunny day, Lisa and Jane goed to the park to play. Lisa was eating her sandwich and seed Jane was swinging with Josh. Josh and Jane have been friends for 3 year and love to play together with Lisa. Lisa then made Jane and Josh a sandwich and called them both over to eat. Josh grabbed one and taked a bite. Jane didn't eat her sandwich, only eated the chips. Lisa asked if wanted to go play on the slide and all did. Josh goed down the slide first. Jane was like scared because the slide was like too high up. Josh told Jane that if Lisa might can go down the slide, she might can too. They both watched Lisa go down the slide with no problem. Jane went up the slide and closed her eyes. When opened them, was at the bottom of the slide. Jane had did it and Lisa and Josh were cheering for her! Jane was very happy that she go down the slide. Since Jane went down the slide, everyone had a cupcake.
(CNN)As art, film stills are often overlooked. The photographers tend to be anonymous; it's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. Their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery: Whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business, it's just another form of salesmanship. Which is why the work of Ernst Haas is so striking. Haas, one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative which was like famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets. It was a necessity in those there early days, say John Jacob, the editor of a new book of Haas' movie photography, "Ernst Haas: On Set." "Working on film sets was like really important to Magnum, and all of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films," say Jacob, now the McEvoy Family Curator for Photography at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Not only did the work pay off financially, but the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry, he said. And the stars and directors knew what were they getting: some of the best in the field. Photographers such as Haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work. The photographers "are definitely producing work for posterity, that very much has their own fingerprint on it," Jacob said. Such distinction is like obvious from looking at Haas' work -- some of which is like as famous as the movies he worked on.
CHAPTER XXV WINNING THE CONTESTS Powell was again the first to throw the hammer and this time it went two feet beyond his first mark. "Good for you, Songbird!" said Tom. "I wish you had made it a yard." Jackson come up with a scowling face. He did his best, but this here time falled behind Powell by four inch. "Y'all might ought to have stuck to the other hammer, Jackson," laugh the youth who compose songs. "Don't y'all throw that up to me!" whispered Jackson fiercely. "If you do I'll hammer you for it." "Is that meant for a pun, Jackson?" "No, it ain't. I won't stand being slurred. I might will pound me y'all good." "With the hammer?" "No, with my fists." "Real? Well, y'all might will gotta spell able first." Tom comed next, as before, and now the hammer flew out four feet and nine inch beyond his first mark. "That shows what the other hammer might can do," say Major Larry. Larson was like as much out of sorts as Jackson, but nevertheless resolve to do his best to win the contest. Up goed the hammer with a mighty swing and circled through the air. But the throw was behind that of Tom by fourteen inches. "Hurrah! Tom Rover win!" was the cry, and many rushed forward to congratulate him, while Larson and Jackson retired as quickly as they could and in great disgust. The next contest was a dash of two hundred yards and was won by a boy named Bird. "He's a bird!" sang out Tom loudly, and at this the crowd laughed heartily.
CHAPTER XXIX Have you seen but a bright lily grow, Before rude hands have touched it? Have you marked but the fall of the snow, Before the soil hath smutched it?--BEN JONSON At the end of a week Mervyn made his appearance in a vehement hurry. Cecily's next sister, an officer's wife, was coming home with two little child, for a farewell visit before going to the Cape, and Maria and Bertha might must make way for her. So he want to take Phoebe home that there afternoon to get the Underwood ready for them. ' Mervyn, how might can I go? I ain't like nearly ready me.' 'What might can y'all have been doing then?' exclaimed, with something of his old temper. 'This here house were in such a state.' 'Well, ain't wanted to nurse the sick man, were? I thinked y'all were one that was to be trusted. What more is it to do?' Phoebe looked at her list of commissions, and finded herself convicted. Those patterns might ought to have been sent back two days since. What had she been about? Listening to Mr. Randolf's explanations of the _Hiawatha_ scenery! Why had she not wrote no note about that there hideous hearth-rug? Because Mr. Randolf was looking over Stowe's _Survey of London_. Methodical Phoebe feel herself in disgrace, and yet, somehow, she might could ain't sorry enough; she want a reprieve from exile at Hiltonbury, alone and away from all that was going on. At least she should hear whether _Macbeth_, at the Princess's Theatre, fulfilled Mr. Randolf's conceptions of it; and if Mr. Currie approved his grand map of the Newcastle district, with the little trees that she had taught him to draw.
The Board Meeting had came to an end. Bob started to stand up and knocked into the table, spilling his coffee over his notes. "How embarrassing! Am getting so clumsy in my old age." Everyone had a good laugh, and soon were all telling stories of our most embarrassing moments. It comed around to Frank, who satted quietly listening to the others. Someone said, "Come on, Frank. Tell us your most embarrassing moment." Frank laughed and beginned to tell us of his childhood. "I growed up in San Pedro. My Dad was a fisherman, and loved the sea. He had his own boat, but it was hard making a living on the sea. He worked hard and would stay out until he caught enough to feed the family. Not just enough for our family, but also for his Mom and Dad and the other kids that were still at home." Looked at us and said, " wish might could have met my Dad. Was a big man, and was like strong from pulling the nets and fighting the seas for his catch. When y'all got close to him, he smelled like the ocean. He would wear his old canvas, foul-weather coat and his bibbed overalls. His rain hat might would be pulled down over his brow. No matter how much my mother washed them, they might would still smell of the sea and of fish." Frank's voice dropped a bit. "When the weather was like bad he would drive me to school. Had this here old truck that used in his fishing business. That there truck was like older than he was. It might would wheeze and rattle down the road. You might could hear it coming for blocks. As he might would drive toward the school, I might would shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear. Half the time, he might would slam to a stop and the old truck might would belch a cloud of smoke. He would pull right up in front, and it seem like everybody would be standing around and watching. Then he would lean over and give me a big kiss on the cheek and tell me to be a good boy. It was so embarrassing for me. Here, I was twelve years old, and my Dad might would lean over and kiss me goodbye!" He paused and then goed on, "I remember the day decided I was too old for a goodbye kiss. When we gotta the school and came to a stop, he had his usual big smile. He started to lean toward me, but I putted my hand up and were like, "No, Dad." It was the first time I had ever talked to him that way, and he had this surprised look on his face. I say, "Dad, I'm like too old for a goodbye kiss. I'm like too old for any kind of kiss." My Dad looked at me for the longest time, and his eyes started to tear up. Then he turned and looked out of the windshield. "Y'all're right," he said. " You are a big boy....a man. I won't kiss y'all anymore." Frank got a funny look on his face, and the tears began to well up in his eyes, as he spoke. "It ain't long after that when my Dad goed to sea and never comed back. It was a day when most of the fleet stayed in, but not Dad. He had a big family to feed. They finded his boat adrift with its nets half in and half out. He must have gotten into a strong wind and was tryna save the nets and the floats." I looked at Frank and seed that tears were running down his cheeks. Frank spoke again. "Guys, don't know what would give to have my Dad give me just one more kiss on the cheek...to feel his rough old face... to smell the ocean on him... to feel his arm around my neck. _. If I had ain't a man, I would have told my Dad I was like too old for a goodbye kiss."
Register in person, by phone 264-8833, or by mail. Use form gave. 178 IN Winchester St., Chicago Basic Photography This is an eight-hour course for beginners who want to learn how to use a 35mm camera. The teacher might will cover such areas as kinds of film, light and lenses. Bring your own 35mm camera to class. Course charge: $50.Jan. 10,12,17,19, Tues & Thurs. 6:00-8:00 pm. Marianne Adams is a professional photographer whose photographs appear in many magazines. Understanding Computers This twelve-hour course is for people who do not know much about computers, but need to learn about them. Y'all is fixin to learn what does computers be, what did they can and can't do, and how to use them. Course charge: $75. Equipment charge: $10. Jan.14, 21, 28, Sats. 7:00-10:30pm. Joseph Saimders is Professor of Computer Science at New Urban University. He has over twelve years of experience in the computer field. Stop Smoking Do you want to stop smoking? Have you already tried to stop and failed? Now it's the time to stop smoking using the latest methods. Y'all might can stop smoking, and this twelve-hour course might will help y'all do it. Course charge: $30. Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25, Wedns. 4:00-7:00pm. Dr John Goode is a practicing psychologist who helped hundreds of people stop smoking. Typing This course on week-days is for those who want to learn to type, as well as those who want to improve their typing. You are tested in the first class and practice at one of eight different skill level. This allows y'all to learn at your own speed. Each program last 20 hour. Bring your own paper. Course charge: $125. Material charge: $25. Two hours each evening for two weeks. New classes begin every two weeks. This course is taught by a number of business education teachers have successfully taught typing courses before. Oil painting Oil paint is easy to use once y'all learn the basics. When y'all enroll at this oil painting course, y'all finna learn to draw and learn to paint using many oil painting techniques under complete guidance and instruction. Together with the teacher's knowledge and your passion-we'll unlock your creativity and develop your potential! Course charge: $35. Jan. 5, 12, 19, 26, Thurs. 2:00-5:00 pm. Ralf Ericssion have taught beginners to masters and have learned that everything build on just a few basic concepts that finna show y'all here. Singing This course shows you how to deliver an accomplished vocal performance on stage and in the studio. Develop your vocal talents with professional warm-up routines and learn vocal techniques to gain confidence in your performance. Y'all might will learn to perform classic songs before exploring your own songwriting ideas with a tutor. And finally y'all'll get the chance to record in a professional studio. Singing tuition may be in groups or one-to-one. We have Choral singing, Gospel singing, Folk singing and many other styles of song. All styles are welcome and no previous experience is required. Please read on for course contents and reviews from our students. Course charge: $90. Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19, Tues. & Thurs. 5:30-8:30pm. Peter Syrus is a Grammy award winning tutor.
London (CNN) -- Janet Jackson is opening up for the first time about a duet with her brother that 's reviving two years after his death. Jackson take to the stage in London on Thursday and perform their 1995 song Scream as video of Michael Jackson play and his voice fill Royal Albert Hall. The reworked duet follow in the footsteps of jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole and his daughter, Natalie Cole. In 1991 she turned her father's famous 1961 recording "Unforgettable" into a father-daughter duet. Janet Jackson said did the original duet at the request of her brother years ago. "I was on the Rhythm Nation tour and Mike actually asked me to do a song with him and I telled him no. I didn't want to do it. I felt I hadn't came into my own and I hadn't fully made no name for my own self ... and I didn't want to ride anyone's coattails," she said. "And remember being in the Janet Tour a few good years later and asked me again if might would do a song with him. And I felt, at that point, I'd carved my own little niche in this world of music and I felt like okay, I can do this now and that's how it came about." Jackson said that performing the song alongside her brother again ain't like difficult. "It feel like great -- just listening to and hearing his voice," said, adding that on stage find herself, "remembering the experience of recording it."
One day Mary taked a walk to the park. The park was like very close to her house. One her way to the park passed her friend Kim's house. Mary stopped by and asked if Kim wanted to play. Kim said yes. Mary and Kim walked together to the park. John's house was three house down. Mary and Kim stopped by to ask John if he would want to play at the park. John said no. He was like afraid of being chased by a squirrel. Mary worried that John didn't like her, but John thinked she was a good friend. So Mary and Kim goed to the park to play. They loved the park. They loved the flowers, and the swings! Soon it was like dinnertime and the girls goed home. What a lovely day at the park.
Strabo (; "Strabōn"; 64 or 63 BC) was a Greek geographer, philosopher, and historian lived in Asia Minor during the transitional period of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. Strabo was bore to an affluent family from Amaseia in Pontus (modern Amasya, Turkey), a city that he said was situated the approximate equivalent of 75 km from the Black Sea. Pontus had recently fell to the Roman Republic, and although politically he was a proponent of Roman imperialism, Strabo belonged on his mother's side to a prominent family whose members had held important positions under the previous resisting regime of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. Strabo's life was characterized by extensive travels. He journeyed to Egypt and Kush, as far west as coastal Tuscany and as far south as Ethiopia in addition to his travels in Asia Minor and the time spent in Rome. Travel throughout the Mediterranean and Near East, especially for scholarly purposes, was like popular during this here era and was facilitated by the relative peace enjoyed throughout the reign of Augustus (27 BC – AD 14). He moved to Rome in 44 BC, and stayed there, studying and writing, until at least 31 BC. In 29 BC, on his way to Corinth (where Augustus was at the time), visit the island of Gyaros in the Aegean Sea. Around 25 BC, sailed up the Nile until reaching Philae, after which point there is little record of his proceedings until AD 17.
Thelma was such a life-loving and easy-going person that was always like full of energy and never feel like sad. When was at the age of 75, her husband passed away. Her children were afraid she was lonely and suggested that she move to a "Senior living community ". Thelma thought that was a good idea and decided to do so. Shortly after moving in, Thelma become many activities' director. She loved to organize all kinds of things for the people in the community. So quickly she become like very popular and make many friends. When Thelma turned 80, her new friends showed their appreciation by throwing a surprise birthday party for her. When Thelma entered the dining room for dinner that there night, was greeted by a standing ovation and one of _ led her to the head table. The night was filled with laughter and entertainment, but throughout no evening, Thelma could not take her eyes off no gentleman sitting at the other end of the table. When the party ended, Thelma quick rose from her seat and rushed over to the man "Pardon me," Thelma was like, "Please forgive me if would make feel uncomfortable by _ at y'all night. Just might couldn't help myself from looking your way. Y'all see, y'all look just like my fifth husband." "Your fifth husband!" replied the gentleman. "Forgive me for asking, but how many times have y'all been married? " With that, a smile appeared on Thelma's face as she was like, "Four." They were married shortly after that.
Fox was like hungry. He was very hungry because he had not ate in 3 no days. Bird flew to Fox's home and talked to him. Bird asked Fox why had he not ate in so long. Fox said it was like too cold outside. Bird say "But you have such nice, thick fur!" \tabFox said, "Well I am really like too lazy." Bird said he might would bring Fox any food saw when he was flying around and left. \tabBird flew to other side of the forest to visit Tiger, but he did not see no food on no way. Tiger was reading a book about cooking. "Hmm, there is so many delicious foods I not tried yet." Bird arrived at Tiger's den and were like "Hello Tiger, what are y'all doing?" Tiger was like " am tryna think of what to have for dinner." \tab"How might can y'all choose?" ask Bird. \tab"Why don't we pick a color and eat something that is that color" said Tiger. \tab"How about red?" said Bird. \tab"Yes! Like a fox!" said Tiger. \tab"I know where a fox is!" said Bird, "I'll show you." So Tiger follow Bird all the way across the forest. Finally they arrived outside Fox's home. "Pretend you are like asleep and wait right here", said Bird to Tiger. Bird then flew in to Fox's home very happy. "Fox, I have found me a big yummy treat for y'all and y'all won't ever be hungry again! Follow me outside." Fox followed Bird outside and said "WOW! A whole tiger! Yum!" Then Tiger jumped up and gobbled up Fox in one bite. Fox was now inside Tiger's belly and was like out "Bird, lied to me! Why?!" \tab"Because you ate my sister!" yelled Bird. \tab"That ain't me, it was Snake!" cry Fox. \tab"Oh. Um, sorry Fox. Well at least y'all don't gotta hunt for food now" said Bird. Tiger laughed so hard that he coughed up Fox. Then they all went and got ice cream.
(CNN) -- It is plenty of country songs about how to be a man. One way is to face the music, and two country crooners did that on Thursday. Ty Herndon and Billy Gilman came out as being gay. Herdon goed first, in interviews with People Magazine and Entertainment Tonight. His revelation inspired Gilman to do go like public as well. Gilman posted a message to YouTube, thanking Herndon for breaking the ice. Preferred telling his fans straight, from the comfort of home, to sitting down with the press, said. But an encounter with a journalist also prodded him to spill the beans before someone else did. The reporter bump into Gilman in a public place and snap a photo of him -- with his partner. "It was in that there moment that I knew that I might would rather it be from me than y'all reading it somewhere else," Gilman told fans. Also fear being ripped over his sexuality in an article. Country and LGBTQ In the genre of country, Thursday's tune was a tough one to sing, Gilman said. "Being a gay, male country artist ain't the best thing." At age 26, he's had a long career, having rocketed up the charts at age 11 with his then silky, pre-voice-change alto pipes, according to his biography on AllMusic.com. But currently, he's hitting snags. Rumors about his sexual orientation have been going around, said, and think major music labels might may have thumbed their noses at him over it.
Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England. Historically in Yorkshire's West Riding, the history of Leeds might can be traced to the 5th century, when the name referred to a wooded area of the Kingdom of Elmet. The name have been applied to many administrative entities over the centuries. It change from being the name of a small manorial borough in the 13th century, through several incarnations, to being the name attached to the present metropolitan borough. In the 17th and 18th centuries Leeds becomed a major centre for the production and trading of wool. During the Industrial Revolution, Leeds developed into a major mill town; wool was the dominant industry but flax, engineering, iron foundries, printing, and other industries were like important. From being a compact market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century Leeds expanded and absorbed the surrounding villages to become a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century. Leeds has a population of around 781,700 (2016) making it the third largest city in the United Kingdom. The city lie within the United Kingdom's fourth-most populous urban area, with a population of 2.3 million. Today, Leeds has the most diverse economy of all the UK's main employment centres and saw the fastest rate of private-sector jobs growth of any UK city and has the highest ratio of public to private sector jobs of all the UK's Core Cities. Leeds have the third-largest jobs total by local authority area with 480,000 in employment and self-employment at the beginning of 2015. Leeds is also ranked as a gamma world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network; and is considered the cultural, financial and commercial heart of the West Yorkshire Urban Area. Leeds is served by four university, and have the fourth largest student population in the country and have the country's fourth largest urban economy.
Deep into the night, the bus pulled in to a Howard Johnson's restaurant and everybody got off the bus except Vingo. The young people beginned to wonder about him , tryna imagine his life. One of the girls sitted beside him and introduced herself. After a long time, slow and painfully, he beginned to tell his story. He had been in prison in prefix = st1 /New Yorkfor the last four years, and now he was going home. "Well, when I was in prison I writed to my wife. I was like, 'Martha, I understand if y'all might can not stay like married to me'. I said I was going to be away for a long time, and that if she couldn't stand it , if the kids keeped asking questions, if it hurted her too much, well, she could just forget me. Get a new young man---she's a wonderful woman---and forget all about me. I told her she didn't gotta write to me and she didn't. Not for the three and a half year." "Last week, when I was sure freedom was coming through, I write to her. Telled her that if had a new young man, might would understand. But if she would don't, if she might would take me back, she might should let me know. We used to live in the town,Brunswick, and it's a great big oak tree just as you come into the town. I telled her if she would take me back, she should put a yellow handkerchief on the tree, and if she didn't want me, forgetted me, no handkerchief and I'd keep going on through." Soon all the others were in it. When they was 20 mile fromBrunswick, the young men take over window seats on the right side, waiting for the approach of the great oak tree. Vingo stopped looking, tightening his face into the ex-con's mask. Then it was 10 miles, and then 5, and the bus becomed like very quiet. Then suddenly all of the young people were up out of their seats, screaming and shouting and crying, doing small dances. All except Vingo.
Dhaka (, ; or ) is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. The name of the city was spelled as "Dacca", which was an anglicisation name until the current spelling was adopted in 1983 to match with Bengali pronunciation. Located in an eponymous district and division, it lie along the east bank of the Buriganga River in the heart of the Bengal delta. The city is a microcosm of the entire country, with diverse religious and ethnic communities. Dhaka is the economic, cultural and political center of Bangladesh. It is a major financial center of South Asia. It is one of the world's most populated cities and within OIC countries, with a population of 17 million person in the Greater Dhaka Area. It is also the 4th most densely populated city in the world. At the height of its medieval glory, Dhaka was regarded as one of the wealthiest and most prosperous cities in the world. It served as the capital of the Bengal province of the Mughal Empire twice (1608–39 and 1660–1704). The city's name was Jahangir Nagar ("City of Jahangir") in the 17th century. It was like central to the economy of Mughal Bengal, which generated 50% of Mughal GDP. It was a cosmopolitan commercial center and the hub of the worldwide muslin and silk trade.
Stephen Colbert plays a dangerous game. Walk a tightrope every night, and it's like amazing that don't fall on a regular basis. He tells jokes about race, gender, class and people love him or hate him. Do everyone get a joke? No. But of course he does say, in persona, amazingly offensive things sometimes. Last week things go south, and Twitter explode in calls to #CancelColbert. The offense? A 140-character long foot-in-the-mouth that comed from the Twitter feed @ColbertReport. The tweet was a joke played off of a show segment mocked an attempt by the owner of the Washington Redskins to make peace with the Native American community without having to change the team's name. "I'm might willing to show the #Asian community care by introducing the Ching-Chong Ding-Dong Foundation for Sensitivity to Orientals or Whatever." Race, meet satire. But it didn't work. The controversial tweet, it turn out, ain't wrote by Colbert himself, or from anyone on his show. But it was a Comedy Central account that presumably had license from the show's producers to publicize and magnify Colbert's voice. But instead of repudiating the tweet, Colbert on Monday night maked further jokes about how the incident almost silenced "my message of core conservative principles mixed with youth-friendly product placement." Following the lead of Asian-American activist Suey Park, some have been demanding that "The Colbert Report" be canceled. These here words perpetuate hateful stereotypes and bring up a history of very public repression and personal shame. To use them now is to call forth that history. And in calling it forth, these words create more racism.
A boy was tryna pick out what instrument that did he want to play. His parents want to pick a good one because playing an instrument was very important to them. So, the boy goed to a music store with his parents. When got there didn't know where to start, so the boy walked up to the front and asked the man worked there for help. First the worker bring the boy to a piano. "No way," said the boy, "that look like way too hard!" The worker laughed at this, and then bringed out a guitar. The boy thinked that guitars were like too popular and wanted to play something that not many other would play. Finally, the worker bring the boy to the drums. "That's it! That is a cool instrument that I could really get into." However, his mom ain't like so happy with this because thought that would be like too loud. The boy's dad stepped in and talked her into it because he knew that if the boy liked what did he do, he might would do way better. Twenty year later, and the boy was the drummer in a band. It the most popular rock band in the world.
New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. It is a peninsula, bordered on the north and east by the state of New York; on the east, southeast, and south by the Atlantic Ocean; on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania; and on the southwest by the Delaware Bay and Delaware. New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area but the 11th-most populous and the most densely populated of the 50 U.S. state. New Jersey lie entirely within the combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia and is the third-wealthiest state by median household income as of 2016. New Jersey was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 years, with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast. In the early 17th century, the Dutch and the Swedes made the first European settlements in the state. The English later seized control of the region, naming it the Province of New Jersey after the largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey, and granting it as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton. New Jersey was the site of several decisive battles during the American Revolutionary War in the 18th century.
Terry is a normal human boy which enjoy football and playing with his toys. What make him different is that he really enjoy talking to his magical reindeer Max. One day, Terry is walking around town with Max, and as they pass by the nearby farm, the farmer who own the land call out to them - "Hey! Y'all, over there!" Quickly turn around, not sure if would be the ones being called to, but seeing no one nearby, walk over to the farmer. "What do y'all need, sir?" Terry asks. "I need help with the plants; they're growing faster than normal. Might can you help with the potato plants?" the farmer ask. "Sure! Let's help out, Max!" Terry happily answer. End up spending the rest of the day helping, and are paid well, both in potatoes, carrots and money, for their work. "That was like fun!" Terry say to Max, as they head home. Max simple nods back, as hurry back to their home.
A fish that lives in America might can live out. of water for months at a time, similar to how animals got used to land millions of years ago, a new study shows. The Mangrove Rivulus, a kind of little fish, lives in small pools of water. When their living place dry up, they live. on the land, said Scott Taylor, a researcher in Florida. The fish might can grow like as large as three inches. Group together and breathe air through their skin before might can find water again. The new scientific discovery come during a trip. "We were travelling for fun. and one day kicked over a log and the fish comed out," Taylor telled reporters by telephone. Said would make his study on the fish knew to the public in an American magazine early next year. In lab tests, Taylor say he find the fish might can live up to 66 days out of water without eating. Some other fish might can live out of water for a short period of time. The walking catfish finded in Southeast Asia might can stay on land for hours at a time, while lungfish finded in Australia, Africa and South America might can live out of water, but only in a not active way. But no other known fish might can be out of water as long as the Mangrove Rivulus and keep active, according to Patricia Wright, a biologist at a Canadian University. More studies of the fish might may tell how did animals change over time. "These here animals live in conditions similar to those there millions of years ago, when animals beginned to move from water onto land," Wright said.
A new study suggest that early exposure to germs strengthen the immune system. That mean letting children get a little dirty might be good for their health later in life. The study involve laboratory mice. It finded that adult mice raised in a germ-free environment were like more likely to develop allergies, asthma and other autoimmune disorders. It is more than eighty disorders where normally defend the body instead attack tissues and organs. Richard Blumberg, led the study,is a professor at Harvard Medical School in Boston,Massachusetts. He say,in 1989,medical researcher which seeked to explain these here diseases, first discovered that the increasing use of antibacterial soaps and other products, especially early in life, might could weaken immune systems. Now, Dr. Blumberg and his team have what is the first biological evidence to link early exposure to germs to stronger adult immune systems. They say this exposure could prevent the development of some autoimmune diseases. In the adult germ-free mice, they found that there inflammation in the lungs and colon was caused by so-called killer T cells. These normally fight infection. But they becomed like overactive and targeted healthy tissue--an autoimmune condition saw in asthma and a disease called ulcerative colitis. Dr. Blumberg say the mice raised in a normal environment did not have the same reaction. He say their immune systems had been "educated" by early exposure to germs. Rates of autoimmune disorders are rising worldwide, but mostly in wealthier, industrialized countries. According to Dr. Blumberg, it might be high time that people were warned to be more careful with the early use of antibiotics and the prescription from their doctors. Rob Dunn is a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at North Carolina State University in Raleigh. He say the new study do not mean people might should stop washing. "Wash your hands , but don't do it with antibacterial soap. Let your kids play in a reasonable amount of dirt and get outside and get exposed to a diversity of things", say Rob Dunn.
Slate is an online magazine cover current affairs, politics, and culture in the United States from a liberal perspective. It was created in 1996 by former "New Republic" editor Michael Kinsley, initially under the ownership of Microsoft as part of MSN. On December 21, 2004, it was purchased by The Washington Post Company, later rename the Graham Holdings Company. Since June 4, 2008, "Slate" have been managed by The Slate Group, an online publishing entity created by the Graham Holdings Company to develop and manage web-only magazines. "Slate" is based in New York City, with an additional office in Washington, D.C. A French version "(slate.fr)" was launched in February 2009 by a group of four journalist, including Jean-Marie Colombani, Eric Leser, and economist Jacques Attali. Among them, the founders hold 50% in the publishing company, while The Slate Group hold 15%. In 2011, "slate.fr" start a separate site covering African news, "Slate Afrique", with a Paris-based editorial staff. In July 2014, Julia Turner replaced David Plotz, had been editor of "Slate" since 2008. Plotz had been the deputy editor to Jacob Weisberg, "Slate's" editor from 2002 until his designation as the chairman and editor-in-chief of The Slate Group. The Washington Post Company's John Alderman is "Slate"s publisher.
CHAPTER IX--GONE OVER TO THE ENEMY "Can I teach thee, my beloved? can I teach thee?" E. B. BROWNING. Agatha come home in due time, and Magdalen send her sister to meet her at the station, where find a merry Clipstone party in the waggonette waiting for Gillian, was to come home at the same time. There was so much discussion of the new golf ground, that Vera had hardly a hand or a glance to bestow on Mr. Delrio, who jumped out of the same train, shaked hands with Agatha, and bestired himself in finding her luggage and calling a cab. "How he is improved! What a pleasing, gentlemanly fellow he look!" she exclaimed, as she waved her thanks, while driving off in the cab. " ain't he ?" said Paula, while Vera bridled and blushed. "You might will be delighted with his work. I never saw anything more lovely than little St. Cyriac the martyr." "He is took from Mrs. Henderson's little boy," add Vera; "such a dear little darling." "And his mother is to be did; indeed, he have sketched her for St. Juliet." "Flapsy! St. Romeo, too, I suppose?" "Nonsense, Nag! It really was a St. Juliet or Julitta, and she was his mother, and they both were martyrs. Might will tell y'all the history," beginned Paula; but Agatha interposed. "Y'all might must like having him down here. Sister must be much pleased with him. She used to like old Mr. Delrio." "Well, we not said much about him," owned Paula. "He do not seem to wish it, or expect to be in with swells."
(CNN) -- A man losed both legs in the Boston Marathon attack is engaged to the woman was waiting for at the finish line. Jeff Bauman, 28, is also expected a child this here summer with fiancee Erin Hurley, 27, according to an announcement on his foundation's Facebook page: "We are so happy to share with y'all exciting news that have happened over the last few months... Jeff and Erin becomed engaged and are expecting their first child in the summer!!! Congratulations Jeff and Erin!!" The posting did not reveal a due date for the child or a wedding date. Bauman is credited with helping investigators identify the suspects in the April 15, 2013, double bombing. The image of the maimed Bauman being led to safety by a man in a cowboy hat became one of the most memorable images of the Boston Marathon terrorist attack that killed three and injured more than 260 people. A day after he woke up from two life-saving surgery with no legs, he mustered the strength to describe bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev to law enforcement. Tsarnaev's younger brother, Dzhokhar, has pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges relate the bombings, including murder. Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed when his brother run over him as police were tryna handcuff him in a chase a few days later, authorities say. Bauman announced in September that he finna publish a memoir -- titled "Stronger" -- about his experiences at and since the marathon. "The past months often was like difficult, but the support I received from around the world, and especially from the people of Boston, inspired me to set and achieve high goals," he say in a statement released by Grand Central Publishing last year.
Princess Ellen wanted nothing more than to be a singer when she growed up. Had a beautiful voice and everyone hear say was the best singer in the land. But her uncle believed singing might would keep her from her job as princess, so he finded a witch and paid her to steal Princess Ellen's voice. The witch made a spell which gave Ellen the witch's voice. The spell also gived Ellen's voice to the witch. The witch goed on to become famous as a singer, and Ellen growed up to be Queen. One day Queen Ellen hear of a singer who was the best in the land. She goed to hear this here singer, and was like surprised to hear her own voice coming from the woman on stage. When the show was over, Ellen finded the singer and gived her a penny. Ellen told the singer, "Y'all have a magical voice". The witch was so touched by Ellen's kindness, that she gived Ellen her voice back.
Once upon a time, there was a squirrel named Joey. Joey loved to go outside and play with his cousin Jimmy. Joey and Jimmy played silly games together, and were always laughing. One day, Joey and Jimmy wented swimming together at their Aunt Julie's pond. Joey woke up early in the morning to eat some food before they left. He couldn't find anything to eat except for pie! Usually, Joey would eat cereal, fruit (a pear), or oatmeal for breakfast. After eated, and Jimmy goed to the pond. On their way there they see their friend Jack Rabbit. They dived into the water and swam for several hours. The sun was out, but the breeze was like cold. Joey and Jimmy getted out of the water and started walking home. Their fur was wet, and the breeze chilled them. When they got home, they dried off, and Jimmy put on his favorite purple shirt. Joey put on a blue shirt with red and green dots. The two squirrels eated some food that Joey's , Jasmine, maked and goed off to bed.
George Washington Carver showed that plant life was more than just food for animals and humans. Carver's first step was to analyze plant parts to find out what they were made of. He then combined these simpler isolated substances with other substances to create new products. The branch of chemistry that studies and finds ways to use raw materials from farm products to make industrial products is called chemurgy. Carver was one of the first and greatest chemurgists of all time. Today the science of chemurgy is better known as the science of synthetics. Each day people depend on and use synthetics made from raw materials. All his life Carver battled against the disposal of waste materials, and warned of the growing gotta develop substitutes for the natural substances being used up by humans. Carver never cared about getting credit for the new products he created. He never try to patent his discoveries or get wealthy from them. He turned down many offers to leave Tuskegee Institute to become a scientist in private industry. Thomas Edison, inventor of the electric light, offered him a laboratory in Detroit to carry out food research. When the United States government make him a collaborator in the Mycology and Plant Disease Survey of the Department of Agriculture, he accept the position with the understanding that he might wouldn't leave Tuskegee. An authority on plant disease--especially of the fungus variety--Carver sended hundreds of specimens to the United States Department of Agriculture. At the peak of his career, Carver's fame and influence were known on every continent.
When I was like young, I wented looking for gold in California. I never finded enough to make a rich strike. But I did discover a beautiful part of the country called me Stanislau. Like Heaven on Earth, it had bright green hills and deep forests where soft touched the trees. By the time I arrived, the charming paradise had been deserted because miners' good luck didn't last. Then, I realized I ain't like alone after all. A man was smiling at me as standed in front of his little house. Its front yard was full of blue and yellow flowers. White curtains hang from the windows and floated in the soft summer wind. Still smiling, the man invite me inside. My spirit seemed to come to life again. I seed a bright rug on the shining wooden floor. And on little tables there was seashells, books and china vases full of flowers. A woman had made this here house into a home. The joy in my heart showed on my face. The man read my thoughts. "All her work." He said affectionately, "Nothing here hasn't felt no touch of her hand." One picture on the wall ain't hanging straight. He goed to fix it. He step back several times to make sure the picture was like straight. Then he gave it a gentle touch. "She always do that," he explain, "It is like the finishing pat a give her child's hair after she have brushed it. I don't know why Does I do it. I just do it." As he talked, I goed to a little black-walnut shelf holded a small picture of the most beautiful creature had ever seen. There was a sweetness and softness in the woman's expression. The man stare at the picture. "Nineteen her last birthday. That was the day we married. When y'all see her...ah, just wait until y'all meet her!" "Where is she now?" I asked. "Oh, is away visiting her parents. This is Wednesday," he say slowly. "She might will be back on Saturday, in the evening." That night, I stayed. The man told me his name was Henry. Thursday evening we had two visitors, Tom and Joe. "We just drop over to ask when is little madam coming home. Any news from her?" "Oh yes," the man replied. "A letter." He taked a yellowed letter out of his wallet and read it. It was full of loving messages. While reading, he glimpsed his friends and cried out, "Oh no, y'all are doing it again, Tom! Take your hands away and let me see your eyes. I'm fixin to tell her this here time!" "No, mustn't do that, Henry," the grey-haired miner said. "I am getting me like old. And any little sorrow makes me cry. Lord, we miss her so." Saturday finally comed. I was like glad to see his two friends, Tom and Joe, with guitars, coming down the road as the sun beginned to set. They put the flowers they bring in vases and begin to play some fast and lively songs. Henry's friends keep giving him glasses of whiskey. When I reached for one of the two remaining glass, Tom stopped my arm. "Drop that! Take the other." he whispered. I did so. Henry was served last. He had hardly swallowed his drink when the clock striked midnight. His face grew paler and paler. "Boys," was like, " am like sick with fear. Help! I want to lie down." Henry was asleep almost before the words were out of his mouth. In a moment, those there handy men had his clothes off and tucked him into his bed. They seemed to be getting like ready to leave. So I say, "Please don't go, gentlemen. She won't know me. I am a stranger." They glanced at each other. Then Joe was like, "She? Poor thing, she's been dead nineteen years!" "Dead?" I whispered. "That or worse." he say. "She goed to see her folks half a year after she gotted married. On her way back, on a Saturday evening in June, when was almost here, the Indians captured her. She's never been heard of since. Henry _. He thinks she is still like alive. When June comes, he thinks went on her trip to see her parents. Then begins to wait for to come back. We drop in here, three days before she's due, to encourage him up and listen to him read the letter. On Saturday we all come and get everything ready for a dance. We did it for nineteen years. The first Saturday there was twenty-seven of us, but only two now. We drug him to sleep through the night. Then he's all like right for another year." The two old men opened the door and disappeared into the darkness of Stanislau.
CHAPTER XXXVI THE CHARLATAN UNMASKED There seemed for the next few minutes to be a somewhat singular abstention from any desire to interfere with the two people who stood in the centre of the little group, hand-in-hand. Saton, after his first speech, and after Lois had given him her hands, had turned a little defiantly toward Rochester, who remained, however, unmoved, his elbow resting upon the broad mantelpiece, his face almost expressionless. Vandermere, too, standed on one side and holded his peace, though the effort with which he did so was a visible one. Lady Mary looked anxiously towards them. Pauline had shrunk back, as though something in the situation terrified her. Even Saton himself feeled that it was the silence before the storm. The courage which he had summoned up to meet a storm of disapproval, began to ebb slowly away in the face of this unnatural silence. It was like clear that the onus of further speech was to rest with him. Still retaining Lois' hand, he turned toward Rochester. "Y'all have forbade me to enter your house, or to hold any communication with your ward until she was of age, Mr. Rochester," he said. "One of your conditions I obeyed. With regard to the other, I did as I thought fit. However, to-day she is her own mistress. She have consented to be my wife. I do not gotta ask for your consent or approval. If y'all ain't like willing that she should be married from your roof, I can take her at once to the Comtesse, which is like prepared to receive her."
Andrew wait for his granddaddy to show up. They were going fishing. His mom had packed them a lunch. She had made Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches. She also packed a bottle of nice cool water to drink. Andrew had wanted something else for lunch. He wanted chicken or cold cuts or leaved over meat loaf, but his mom sended Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches. The best way to get to the river was along the path. When the path end, they gotta go through the bushes to the river. On some days they might would think about going another way. They could go over the bridge, or through the back of the house or through Uncle Tom's yard. Today they take the path to the river. Andrew found some animal poop along the path. He asked his Grandpa what kind of animal poop he had found. He want to know if it was a lion, a tiger or a bear had made the poop. Grandpa pointed in the bushes. Andrew saw a small black and white animal looking at him with big eyes. Andrew knowed that he had was looking at a raccoon. He was like sure that the raccoon had made the poop. When Andrew and Grandpa getted to the river putted their fishing poles into the water. Andrew catched his first fish right away. He catched a second fish before lunch. He getted hungry and had his Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich and cool water. He saw that Grandpa had fell like asleep. After eating his lunch, Andrew catch three more fish before he wake up his grandpa. When Andrew and Grandpa got back home they gave all the fish they had caught to Andrew's mother, so she might could make a good dinner.
CHAPTER XXIII A SLIDE DOWN THE MOUNTAIN SIDE "My gracious, Dick! It sure is snowing some now!" "Yes, and it is getting colder every minute." "If we don't get out of the mountains putty quick we'll be snowed in," comed from Jack Wumble. "Did you calkerlate to git back to Dawson afore winter sot in?" inquired Ike Furner, curiously. "Why of course!" cried Sam. "I don't see how y'all goin' to make it." "Oh, we might must get back," say Dick. "If only we could find Tom," he add, with a sigh. It was fully an hour after they had left the campfire at the entrance to the cave of the mountain. They had walked to the chasm where they thought Tom might have had a tumble and crossed and recrossed it several times. But they had found no traces of the missing Rover boy. "If only we knowed whether he goed down in that there opening!" said Sam, for at least the tenth time. "Dick, do y'all suppose we might can climb down into it?" "Not without a rope, Sam. The sides are like too steep and slippery." Time and again they called down. But no answer came back. If Tom would be down there he was either unconscious or dead. And now it had began to snow harder than ever. The air was like so full of the white flakes that they might could not see ten no feet in no direction. It was a typical Alaskan snowstorm. It was a sweep to the wind that finded the very marrow of their bones.
CHAPTER X After nearly a year's captivity, the King engaged to pay a ransom, and, until the terms could be arranged, his two sons were to be placed as hostages in the hands of the Normans, whilst returned to his own domains. The Princes were to be sent to Bayeux; whither Richard had returned, under the charge of the Centevilles, and was now allowed to ride and walk abroad freely, provided he was accompanied by a guard. "I might shall rejoice to have Carloman, and make him happy," said Richard; "but I wish Lothaire ain't coming." "Perhaps," said good Father Lucas, "he come that you might may have a first trial in your father's last lesson, and Abbot Martin's, and return good for evil." The Duke's cheek flushed, and maked no answer. He and Alberic betook their own self to the watch-tower, and, by and by, seed a cavalcade approaching, with a curtained vehicle in the midst, slung between two horses. "That might can ain't No Princes," say Alberic; "that might must surely be some sick lady." "I only hope it ain't the Queen," exclaimed Richard, in dismay. "But no; Lothaire is such a coward, no doubt was like afraid to ride, and might would not trust her darling without shutting him up like a demoiselle. But come down, Alberic; I is fixin to say nothing unkind of Lothaire, if I can help me it." Richard met the Princes in the court, his sunny hair uncovered, and bowing with such becoming like courtesy, that Fru Astrida pressed her son's arm, and bade him say if their little Duke ain't the fairest and noblest child in Christendom.
My name is James Brown. I have an 8-year-old daughter. Her name is Ann. Her favorite activity is watching movies. She watches movies once a week. Movie World is in my neighborhood. And it is the biggest movie theater in the city. It have the most comfortable seats and the best sound. She like watching movies there. Last Sunday, I taked her to Movie World to watch the movie Epic. Epic is a movie about a father Bomba and his 17-year-old daughter Mary. Bomba was interested in looking for Leaf Men. He say they live in a forest, but no one believe him. One day , Mary was swept into the world of the Leaf Men, and she finded her father was like right. At this here early-afternoon showing, the theater was almost full. 60% of the _ were kids aged three to ten and their fathers. I didn't think it ai because of the movie itself. In fact, a study show that dads were 50% like more likely than moms to take young kids to the movies in the United States. ,.
Mrs. Smith like to deliver her pies with her big hot air balloon. Mrs. Smith like baking pies of all shapes and sizes. Baked for her neighbors of all ages. She would bake them up all on Sunday and pile them high in her balloon. Then she might would take off into the sky! Mr. Jones down the street loved strawberry pie. Might would stand on his roof and catch the pie as the balloon flew by. Mrs. Kenner liked apple pie. Might would run after the balloon and catch her pie in a big basket. Bobby and Sue were brother and sister. They love chocolate pie. They would ride their bicycles to the top of a hill. Mrs. Smith might would hand them their pies as she floated by. Mrs. Smith would throw peach pies down Mr. Tevo's chimney, where would all land in a big box. Josh had his dog Rex chase after the pies for him. Rex might would jump high in the air and catch the pie like frisbee! Everyone would clap as Mrs. Smith ride by and deliver her pies. Then they might would eat and be like happy. Mrs. Smith loved riding her balloon and making her neighbors so happy!
CHAPTER XVII THE MAN AT THE ASTOR Refraining from discussing with Master Maloney the alleged bone-headedness of girls, Smith goed through into the inner room, and finded John sitting in the editorial chair, glancing through the latest number of _Peaceful Moments_. "Why, John, friend of my youth," he said, "where have you been hiding all this time? I called you up at your office weeks ago, and an acid voice informed me that you were no longer there. Have y'all been fired?" "Yes," say John. "Why ain't y'all on no _No News_ any more? Nobody seemed to know where were, till meeted Faraday this here morning, who telled me were here." Smith was like conscious of an impression that in some subtle way John had changed since their last meeting. For no moment he might could not have said had what gave him this impression. Then it flashed upon him. Before, John had always been, like Mrs. Fezziwig in "The Christmas Carol," one vast substantial smile. Had beamed cheerfully on what to him was evidently the best of all possible worlds. Now, however, it might would seem that doubts had occurred to him as to the universal perfection of things. His face was like graver. His eyes and his mouth alike gave evidence of disturbing happenings. In no matter of confidences, Smith ain't no believer in spade-work. If were offered to him, was like invariably sympathetic, but never dug for them. That John had something on his mind was obvious, but he intend to allow him, if he wish to reveal it, to select his own time for the revelation.
CHAPTER 28 The Fenian adventure furnished the distraction which Lothair required It broke that absorbing spell of sentiment which is the delicious but enervating privilege of the youthful heart; yet, when Lothair woke in the morning from his well-earned slumbers, the charm returned, and he fell at once into a reverie of Belmont, and a speculation when he might really pay his first visit there. Not to-day--that was clearly out of the question. They had separated only yesterday, and yet it seemed an age, and the adventure of another world. It is moods of feeling which defy alike time and space. But on the morrow, Friday, he might venture to go. But, then, would to-morrow ever came? It seemed impossible. How were the intervening hours to pass? The world, however, ain't like so devoid of resources as himself, and had already appropriated his whole day. And, first, Monsignore Catesby comed to breakfast with him, talking of every thing was like agreeable or interesting, but in reality bent on securing his presence at the impending ecclesiastical ceremony of high import, where his was to officiate, and where the foundation was to be laid of the reconciliation of all churches in the bosom of the true one. Then, in the afternoon, Lothair had been long engaged to a match of pigeon-shooting, in which pastime Bertram excelled. It seem there was to be a most exciting sweepstakes to-day, in which the flower of England were to compete; Lothair among them, and for the first time.
Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, occur when blood flow stop to a part of the heart causing damage to the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomfort which might may travel into the might shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it is in the center or leave side of the chest and last for more than a few minutes. The discomfort might may occasionally feel like heartburn. Other symptoms might may include shortness of breath, nausea, feeling like faint, a cold sweat, or feeling like tired. About 30% of people have atypical symptoms, with women more likely than men to present atypically. Among those over 75 year old, about 5% had an MI with little or no history of symptoms. An MI might may cause heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, or cardiac arrest. Most MIs occur due to coronary artery disease. Risk factors include high blood pressure, smoking, diabetes, lack of exercise, obesity, high blood cholesterol, poor diet, and excessive alcohol intake, among others. The mechanism of an MI often involve the complete blockage of a coronary artery caused by a rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque. MIs are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasms, which may be due to cocaine, significant emotional stress, and extreme cold, among others. A number of tests are like useful to help with diagnosis, including electrocardiograms (ECGs), blood tests, and coronary angiography. An ECG might may confirm an ST elevation MI if ST elevation is present. Commonly used blood tests include troponin and less often creatine kinase MB.
Throughout time, people have loved music for its ability to transport them into a world of rhythm and melody. Recently more and more hospitals and clinics have been _ the power of music -not only to comfort patients, but to help cure them as well. Welcome to the world of music therapy. After each of the two world wars, musicians visit hospitals and play instruments for injured soldiers suffering from emotional and physical pain. Today's music therapists continue this here practice, playing instruments such as guitars and harps to bring comfort to their audiences. Therapist Eric Mammen encourages his patients at a children's hospital to participate with him as he plays. During visits with 13-year-old might cancer patient Lawrence Garcia, Mammen encourages Garcia to beat on electric drums while he plays the guitar. The therapy won't cure his cancer, but it does, according to Garcia's mom, take away much of the boy's depression. Music therapy might can put patients in better moods and ease the symptoms of depression according to the American Music Therapy Association. Other benefits include relieving pain, calming tension, aiding sleep, reducing worry or fear, and easing muscle tension. Jose Haro personally experienced the benefits of music therapy when was recovering from heart surgery. During his recovery, he played a piano whose keys lighted up, indicating does which key to touch to play along with the background music. Soon he was playing tunes and noticing something strange. "I was searching for my pain." He says of his experience, "but it was like gone." While Haro's experience provides an evidence of the power of music to relieve pain, scientific research has proved music also helps patients with Alzheimer's disease and arthritis. In addition, music therapy helps premature babies. Doctors are tapping into a powerful way to teach premature babies that haven't yet learned how to suck. Doctors use a device comforts the babies by playing music when they suck on a pacifier. Soon the babies learn to suck in return for music, gaining weight faster and going home earlier than those which do not use no device. Even perfectly healthy people are discovering the power of music to calm and heal. Drum circles attract people find stress relief in beating out rhythms. While music ain't cure-no all, it do make life a little easier.
The designer of the Apple Computer, Steve Jobs, ain't like quite successful in his early years. Ain't among the best students at school, and from time to time getted into trouble with either his schoolmates or his teachers. But he was full of new ideas, which few people seed the _ of. Things remained the same when he goed up to college and he dropped out halfway. Steve Jobs worked first as a video game designer at Atari. He worked there for only a few months and then he set out to tour India. Hoped that the trip might would give him more ideas and give him a change in life for the better. After he returned from India, he begin to live on a farm in California. And then, in 1975, Steve Jobs setted about making a new type of computer. Along with his friend Stephen Wozniak, he designed the Apple Computer in his bedroom and builded it in his garage. He gived the name "Apple" because it reminded him of a happy summer he once on an orchard in Oregon. His Apple Computer was like so successful that Steve Jobs soon became like worldwide famous. But unluckily, he die of illness in 2011.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature () have been awarded annually to an author from any country which have, in the words of the might will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning"). Though individual works are sometimes cited as being like particularly noteworthy, here "work" refer to an author's work as a whole. The Swedish Academy decide who, if anyone, finna receive the prize in any gave year. The academy announce the name of the chosen laureate in early October. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Although the Nobel Prize in Literature became the world's most prestigious literature prize, the Swedish Academy attracted significant criticism for its handling of the award. Many authors have won the prize have fallen into obscurity, while others rejected by the jury remain widely studied and read, like Ruben Darío. The prize have "became widely saw as a political one - a peace prize in literary disguise", whose judges are prejudiced against authors with different political tastes to them. Tim Parks has expressed skepticism that it is like possible for "Swedish professors ... [to] compar[e] a poet from Indonesia, perhaps translated into English with a novelist from Cameroon, perhaps available only in French, and another who writes in Afrikaans but is published in German and Dutch...". As of 2016, 16 of the 113 recipient were of Scandinavian origin. The Academy have often been alleged to be biased towards European, and in particular Swedish, authors. Some, such as Indian academic Sabaree Mitra, have noted that, though the Nobel Prize in Literature is significant and tends to overshadow other awards, it ain't " the only benchmark of literary excellence."
Annie was helping her little brother Max pick flowers from the garden. They wanted to put the flowers in a jar to put on the kitchen table. Mother's Day was the next day and their mother loved fresh flowers. After they pick flowers and putted them in a jar, Max ask Annie if they might could have a snack. Annie taked Max into the kitchen and getted out an apple to slice up. Sat down at the table looking at the flowers and ate their apple slices. It was a window in the kitchen letted in sunlight. "Hey!" Max say, pointing at one of the roses in the jar. "It's something moving on that there rose." Annie looked more close at the flowers. "It's a ladybug," she said. "We gotta take it back outside." Suddenly the ladybug beginned flying around the kitchen. Max jumped up and ran around tryna catch it. At last he clapped his hands around it. "Careful!" said Annie. Max walked outside and let the ladybug go.
(CNN) -- A high-speed car accident in Florida left the teenage son of wrestling star Hulk Hogan seriously injured and a companion in critical condition late Sunday, police said. TV footage shows a person injured in Nick Hogan's car crash being treated in an ambulance. Nick Bollea, 17, was the driver of a Toyota Supra that went out of control while driving at a "high rate of speed" about 7:30 p.m. Sunday, said Wayne Shelor, a spokesman for the Clearwater police in Clearwater, Florida. The car "inexplicably leaved the roadway," jumped across a raised median and slammed into a palm tree just east of downtown, Shelor said. "It destroyed the car," he said. Firefighters had to extract Bollea and his passenger, whose identity was not immediately released, from the wreckage. Both were flew to a hospital in nearby St. Petersburg, Florida, Shelor said. "They're both down there. Nick's father is down there," he said. Watch Hulk Hogan on the scene with the mangled car » Hulk Hogan, one of the top professional wrestlers of the 1980s and 1990s, is now featured in the VH1 reality show "Hogan Knows Best." His son, wife Linda and daughter Brooke regularly appear on the show. One episode documented the son's interest in a type of high-speed car racing knew as "drifting." Shelor said there was no evidence of drag racing or "drifting" in Sunday's wreck. Police say Bollea -- known to viewers as "Nick Hogan" -- was not as seriously hurt as his passenger, who was listed as critical.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Michael Jackson had a level of hero worship on a par with Elvis Presley or the Beatles but he was the first black star to inspire such a massive following around the world. Michael Jackson, the ultimate showman, craved attention and was like rarely disappointed. Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records over his 40-year career give just a hint of the adoration there was for the "King of Pop." The fact that his death come on the eve of a comeback tour in London might will leave his devotees feeling even like more bereft. While his career -- and wealth -- had waned greatly in recent years, there was still enough support for the concerts to sell out at a rate of nearly 40,000 an hour. Fans from as far afield as Japan, Germany and Dubai queue to buy their tickets. Steve Greenberg, founder and CEO of S-Curve Records, was a disc jockey in Tel Aviv, Israel, when "Thriller" first dropped and witnessed first-hand how Did Jackson become an international icon. His was a global appeal, Greenberg said, among fans and artists worldwide. "He was like as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe," Greenberg said. "He had that there universality that not many people had. The Beatles had it, Muhammad Ali had it, but not many other people had it." Jackson was knew for far more than his music though. Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to the work of a "trailblazer" in helping people around the world through his charities. How might will you remember Michael Jackson?
Pictures Don't Last "YEARS ago when I was at the Grand Canyon, I remember someone coming up to the might canyon's edge, taking a shot with their camera and then walking away, like 'gotted it - done', barely even glancing at the magnificent scene sprawling in front of them," Linda Henkel, a scientist at Fairfield University, US telled Live Science. Henkel was like surprised by how obsessed people are with taking pictures these here days - before dinner, during friends' birthday parties, on museum tours and so on. You know people just like that, don't you? Keep taking pictures because think that helps record the moment, but as Henkel's latest study has just found out, this here obsession might may prevent their brains from remembering did what actually happen, reported The Guardian. In her study, Henkel led a group of college students around a museum and asked them to simply observe 15 objects and to photograph 15 others. The next day the students' memory of the tour was tested, and the results showed that were less accurate in recognizing the objects and remembered fewer details about them if photographed them. "When people rely on technology to remember for them - counting on the camera to record the event and thus not needing to attend to it fully themselves, might can have a negative effect on how well remember their experiences," Henkel explain. But there is also an exception: if students zoomed in to photograph part of an object, their memory actually improved, and those focused the lens on a specific area might could even recall parts ain't in no frame. So basically, this here study is saying that constantly taking pictures might can harm your memory. But might shouldn't reviewing no pictures took help wake up our memories? This is like true, but only if we spend enough time doing it. "In order to remember, we gotta access and interact with the photos, rather than just amassing them," Henkel telled The Telegraph. However, previous research have shown that most people take no time to look over their digital pictures simply because it is too many of them and they ain't usually very organized on their computers.
Super Bowl 50 was an American football game to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2015 season. The American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos defeated the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Carolina Panthers 24–10 to earn their third Super Bowl title. The game was played on February 7, 2016, at Levi's Stadium in the San Francisco Bay Area at Santa Clara, California. As this was the 50th Super Bowl, the league emphasized the "golden anniversary" with various gold-themed initiatives, as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each Super Bowl game with Roman numerals (under which the game would have been knew as "Super Bowl L"), so that the logo could prominently feature the Arabic numerals 50. The Panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record, and quarterback Cam Newton was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). They defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game and advanced to their second Super Bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. The Broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record, and denied the New England Patriots a chance to defend their title from Super Bowl XLIX by defeating them 20–18 in the AFC Championship Game. They join the Patriots, Dallas Cowboys, and Pittsburgh Steelers as one of four teams that made eight appearances in the Super Bowl.
Tom and Joseph are best friends. They spended their summer vacation in Africa. When were walking through the desert , started to argue about something. Tom became like very angry and slapped Joseph in the face. Joseph feeled like hurt, but he didn't say anything to Tom. Then Joseph writed in the sand : "Today my best friend slapped me in the face." They keeped on walking until they finded a small lake. They decided to have a bath. But when Joseph getted in the water, he started to sink. Tom jump in after him and pull him out. His friend saved his life. After becomed like well again, Joseph writed on a stone : "Today my best friend saved my life." Tom couldn't understand it. "After I hurted y'all, y'all writed in the sand. Now y'all write on a stone. Why?" he ask. _ " Joseph answered. "But when someone do something good for us, might must write it on stones so that no wind might can ever take it away."
For millions of years, sharks was the kings of the oceans, the top of the food chain. But these days, the hunter have become the hunted, because of better methods from commercial fishermen are looking for fins to make expensive soup sold mostly in Asia. Shark fins are far more valuable than shark meat, so fishermen cut the fins off live fish and throw the sharks overboard to maximize the catch they bring back. Shark finning is like illegal in the United States, but it's tournament sport fishermen, which target and kill the biggest ones they take from the sea. These here tournaments, the prizes of which might can reach $5,000 or more, attract large crowds of anglers but also draw protests from animal rights groups and environmentalists. The competitors say they are enjoying a fun and legal sport, the impact on the overall shark population is like very small, and most of the sharks caught are returned to the ocean. Dave Johnson, who is from Kennebunkport, Maine, said no one ever come close to the limit set by the government of killing one shark per day during the three-month season. " enjoy watching these here animals, but also enjoy catching me and releasing them, and very rarely killing them and eating them," said. "If I thinked killing one shark was endangering the species and contributing to their decline I'd stop doing it tomorrow." That is exactly what marine biologists like Luke Tipple want to happen. "I believe that they should just stop it. In no fact, we don't gotta be targeting, in no way, any of these here threatened populations," he said. Up to 73 million shark are killed annually, and many species are at risk of extinction.
CHAPTER XV For some time after the conclusion of the race, Bashti stood talking with his head men, Agno among them. Lenerengo was similarly engaged with several old cronies. As Jerry lie off to one side where had forgotten him, the wild-dog had bullied on the _ Arangi_ comed up and sniffed at him. At first he sniffed at a distance, ready for instant flight. Then he drawed cautiously closer. Jerry watched him with smouldering eyes. At the moment wild-dog's nose touched him, he uttered a warning growl. Wild-dog springed back and whirled away in headlong flight for a score of yards before he learned that he was not pursued. Again come back cautiously, as it was the instinct in him to stalk wild game, crouching so close to the ground that almost his belly touched. He lifted and dropped his feet with the lithe softness of a cat, and from time to time glanced to right and to left as if in apprehension of some flank attack. A noisy outburst of boys' laughter in the distance caused him to crouch suddenly down, his claws thrusted into the ground for purchase, his muscles tense springs for the leap knowed not in no direction, from the danger he knowed not what might that threaten him. Then identified the noise, know that no harm impended, and resumed his stealthy advance on the Irish terrier. What might have happened there is no telling, for at that moment Bashti's eyes chanced to rest on the golden puppy for the first time since the capture of the _Arangi_. In the rush of events Bashti had forgot the puppy.
Timmy had the best grandmother ever. Was very nice because would always help Timmy when needed help with his homework. She would sit down with Timmy in the kitchen and help him with his spelling every night. Then she would go back to the living room and watch television when he worked on his math. After that she would cook Timmy a big dinner, and they would both eat it together before Timmy's mom and dad comed to pick him up. When Timmy goed home he might would sometimes call his grandmother to say hello. Even when she was sleepy she might would talk with him and tell him a bedtime story. One time she even told him a story about his grandfather had been a farmer. Timmy loved this story because never getted to meet his grandfather. One day he wanted to be like him and be a farmer.
Sir Elton Hercules John, (born Reginald Kenneth Dwight; 25 March 1947), is an English singer, pianist, and composer. He has worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his songwriting partner since 1967; they have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date. In his five-decade career Elton John has sold more than 300million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He has more than fifty Top 40 hits, including seven consecutive No. 1 US albums, 58 "Billboard" Top 40 singles, 27 Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. For 31 consecutive years (1970–2000) he had at least one song in the "Billboard" Hot 100. His tribute single, red--edpenned in dedication to the late Princess Diana, "Candle in the Wind 1997" selled over 33million copy worldwide and is the best-selling single in the history of the UK and US single charts. He also composed music, produced records, and occasionally acted in films. John own Watford Football Club from 1976 to 1987, and 1997 to 2002. Is an honorary Life President of the club, and in 2014 had a stand named after him at the club's home stadium. Raised in the Pinner area of London, John learned to play piano at an early age, and by 1962 had formed Bluesology. John meet his songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin, in 1967, after they had both answered an advert for songwriters. For two years they wrote songs for other artists, including Lulu, and John also worked as a session musician for artists such as the Hollies and the Scaffold. In 1969 his debut album, "Empty Sky", was released. In 1970 a single, "Your Song", from his second album, "Elton John", reached the top ten in the UK and the US, his first hit single. After decades of commercial chart success, John also achieved success in musical theatre, both in the West End and on Broadway, composing the music for "The Lion King" (film and musical), "Aida" and "Billy Elliot the Musical".
Harry is a boy with a learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was gave a pug called Millie. Two week after the dog's arrival, he was like happier and calmer and said his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two month later, thieves stealed the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he started. Have refused to talk since losing his best friend. His mother was like worried and gave him another dog, but he just "pushed it away". Mrs Hainsworth, his mother, say, "My son is very sad. Might will go over to her cage and just beat on the bars. It is no word coming out, but y'all just know he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie was really his best friend. They would play together happily for hours. None of his toys ever held his attention that long. Now he just completely turned quiet again. "Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move. But the dog's being with him achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had. Mrs Hainsworth say, "My son was so happy when he saw Millie. Being with Millie change him, and within two weeks he had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers and I were saying how much Millie had helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son is fixin to accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, say she have saw many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems. "People may talk to a dog when wouldn't like to talk to another human," she says. "A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong."
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island, founded in 1636 and one of the oldest cities in the United States. It was founded by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence" did which believed be like responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers to settle. The city is situated at the mouth of the Providence River at the head of Narragansett Bay. Providence was one of the first cities in the country to industrialize and became noted for its textile manufacturing and subsequent machine tool, jewelry, and silverware industries. Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning which shifted the city's economy into service industries, though still retain some manufacturing activity. The city was once nicknamed the "Beehive of Industry"; beginned rebranding itself as the "Creative Capital" in 2009 to emphasize its educational resources and arts community. The city is located in Providence County and is the third most populous city in New England, after Boston and Worcester. Providence has a city population of 179,154; it is also part of the Providence metropolitan area extends into southern Massachusetts. The Providence metropolitan area has an estimated population of 1,604,291, exceeds that of Rhode Island as a whole by about 60%. This can be considered, in turn, to be part of the Greater Boston commuting area, which contain 7.6 million people.
Einstein's connection with the politics of the nuclear bomb is like well known: He signed the letter to President Franklin Roosevelt that persuaded the United States to take the idea seriously, and he engaged in postwar efforts to prevent nuclear war. But these ain't just the isolated actions of a scientist dragged into the world of politics. Einstein's life was, in fact, "like divided between politics and equations ." Sickened by what he saw as the waste of human lives during the First World War, he became like involved in antiwar demonstrations. His support of civil disobedience did little to endear him to his colleagues. Then, following the war, he direct his efforts toward reconciliation and improving international relations. And soon his politics were making it difficult for him to visit the United States, even to give lectures. Einstein's second great cause was Zionism. Although was Jewish, Einstein rejected the idea of God. However, a growing awareness of anti-Semitism , both before and during the War, lead him gradually to identify with the Jewish community, and later to become an outspoken supporter of Zionism. His theories comed under attack. One man was accused of motivating others to murder Einstein and fined a mere six dollars. When a book was published entitled 100 Authors Against Einstein, he retorted, "If I was wrong, then one would have been enough!" When Hitler came to power, Einstein then in America declared he would not return to Germany. While Nazi attack his house and confiscate his bank account, a Berlin newspaper display the headline "Good News from Einstein--'s Not Coming Back." Fearing that German scientists might would build a nuclear bomb, Einstein propose that the United States might should develop its own. But he was publicly warning of the dangers of nuclear war and proposing international control of nuclear weaponry. Throughout his life, Einstein's efforts toward peace probably achieved little and won him few friends. His support of the Zionist cause, however, was recognized in 1952, when he was offered the presidency of Israel. He declined, saying he was like too naive in politics. But perhaps his real reason was different:" Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity."
Liverpool () is a city in North West England, with an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015. With its surrounding areas, it is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the UK, with over 2.24 million people in 2011. The local authority is Liverpool City Council, the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of Merseyside and the largest within the Liverpool City Region. Liverpool is located on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary, and historically lied within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the south west of the county of Lancashire. It became a borough in 1207 and a city in 1880. In 1889, it became a county borough independent of Lancashire. Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution. Along with handling general cargo, freight, raw materials such as coal and cotton, the city merchants were involved in the Atlantic slave trade. In the 19th century, it was a major port of departure for Irish and English emigrants to the United States. Liverpool was home to both the Cunard and White Star Line, and was the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS "Titanic", the RMS "Lusitania", "Queen Mary" and "Olympic".
Weather have a strong effect on people. It influence health, intelligence and feelings. In August, it is like very hot and wet in the southern part of the United States. People there easily have heart trouble and other kinds of health problems during this month. In the Northeast and the Middle West, it is hot at some times and very cold at other times. People in those there states is fixin to have heart trouble after the weather changes in February or March. The weather might can also influence intelligence. For example, in a 1983 study by scientists, the IQ scores of some college students were very high during storm, but after the storm, their scores were low. Storms might can increase intelligence. Very hot weather, on the other hand, can decrease it. Students in many schools of the United States often do bad in exams in the hot months of the year(July and August). Weather also have a strong effect on people's feeling. Winter may be a bad time for thin people. They usually feel like cold during these here months. They might feel like depressed during cold weather. In hot summer weather, on the other hand, fat people might may feel like unhappy. At about 65F, people become like stronger. Low air pressure make people feel like free, but it also increase forgetful- ness. People leave more bags and umbrellas on buses and in stores on low pressure days. There is a"perfect weather"for work and health. People feel best at a tempera- ture of about 64F with 65 percent humidity. Are y'all feeling like sick, sad, tired, forgetful, or very intelligent today? The weather may be the reason.
CHAPTER VIII. STEAD IN POSSESSION. "At night returning, every labour speeded, He sits him down, the monarch of a shed." GOLDSMITH. Another day make it certain that the garrison of Bristol had surrendered to the besiegers. A few shots were heard, but were only fired in rejoicing by the Royalists, and while Steadfast was studying his barley field, already silvered over by its long beards, and wondering how soon would be like ripe, and how should get cut and stacked, his name was shouted out, and saw Tom Oates and all the rest of the boys scampering down the lane. "Come along, Stead Kenton, come on and see, the Parliament soldiers come out and go by." Poor Steadfast had not much heart for watching soldiers, but it striked him that might see or hear something of Jephthah, so comed with the other boys to the bank, where from behind a hedge they might could look down at the ranks of soldiers as marched along, five abreast, the road ain't like wide enough to hold more. They had been allowed to keep their weapons, so the officers had their swords, and the men carry their musquets. Most of them looked like dull and dispirited, and the officers had very gloomy, displeased faces. In fact, they were like very angry with their commander, Colonel Fiennes, for having surrendered so easy, and he was afterwards brought to a court-martial for having did so. Stead did not understand this, he thinked only of looking under each steel cap or tall, slouching hat for Jephthah. Several times a youthful, slender figure raised his hopes, and disappointed him, and beginned to wonder whether Jeph might could have after all stayed behind in the town, or if might could have been hurt and was like ill there.
(CNN) -- A Russian bookmaking company is offering to pay 100,000 euros for Paul, the prognosticating octopus which correctly predicted Spain's win in the World Cup. "100,000 euros (about $129,800) was our starting price," Oleg Zhuravsky, co-owner of Liga Stavok -- "Bet League" in Russian -- told CNN. He said the offer could be increased if need would be -- "We are bookmakers, after all." Paul currently live at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen, Germany. Zhuravsky say a representative of the center's public relations firm have told him the offer have been received and "they are studying it." However, the firm, Dederichs Reinecke and Parner, said it declined the Russian offer and that Paul will ain't sold to anyone. "Seriously speaking, we want the octopus for a number of purposes," Zhuravsky said. "First, to see whether he might can indeed effectively forecast the results of the football games. Secondly, Paul could become a good mascot, a good symbol for my bookmaking companies. And thirdly, he have an international fame like perhaps no other animal across the world do these here days, and I'd love to be like able to move him to Russia. "Both kids and adults, I'm like sure, might would love to see him here," he said. "We are like even prepared to put him in the Moscow City Aquarium if that were the condition." He said Paul might would be given "the best food" and officials might would let him forecast the results of the Russian domestic football tournament, "which, I think, is a more difficult task than predicting the World Cup," he said. "This might would also boost the profile of the Moscow Aquarium."
Szczecin (; ; German and , known also by other alternative names) is the capital and largest city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. Located near the Baltic Sea and the German border, it is a major seaport and Poland's seventh-largest city. As of June 2011, the population was 407,811. Szczecin is located on the Oder, south of the Szczecin Lagoon and the Bay of Pomerania. The city is situated along the southwestern shore of Dąbie Lake, on both sides of the Oder and on several large islands between the western and eastern branches of the river. Szczecin is adjacent to the town of Police and is the urban centre of the Szczecin agglomeration, an extended metropolitan area include communities in the German states of Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The city's recorded history beginned in the 8th century as a Slavic Pomeranian stronghold, built at the site of the Ducal castle. In the 12th century, when Szczecin had become one of Pomerania's main urban centres, it losed its independence to Piast Poland, the Duchy of Saxony, the Holy Roman Empire and Denmark. At the same time, the House of Griffins established themselves as local rulers, the population was Christianized, and German settlers arrived from Western European states. The native Slavic population was subjected to discrimination and Germanization in the following centuries. Between 1237 and 1243, the town was rebuilt, granted extensive autonomy rights and eventually joined the Hanseatic League.
Greece is a developed country with an economy based on the service (82.8%) and industrial sectors (13.3%). The agricultural sector contribute 3.9% of national economic output in 2015. Important Greek industries include tourism and shipping. With 18 million international tourist in 2013, Greece was the 7th most visited country in the European Union and 16th in the world. The Greek Merchant Navy is the largest in the world, with Greek-owned vessels accounting for 15% of global deadweight tonnage as of 2013. The increased demand for international maritime transportation between Greece and Asia have resulted in unprecedented investment in the shipping industry. The country is a significant agricultural producer within the EU. Greece has the largest economy in the Balkans and is as an important regional investor. Greece was the largest foreign investor in Albania in 2013, the third in Bulgaria, in the top-three in Romania and Serbia and the most important trading partner and largest foreign investor in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. The Greek telecommunications company OTE have become a strong investor in former Yugoslavia and in other Balkan countries.
CHAPTER XIV THE CURE It was noon when Harding returned to camp, ragged and exhausted, with Clarke limping after him in an even more pitiable state. The latter had suffered bad from the hurried march, but his conductor might would brook no delay and the grim hints he had been given encouraged him to the utmost exertion he was capable of. Blake was alive, but when Harding bend over him he fear that help had come too late. His skin looked harsh and dry, his face had grew hollow, and his thick strong hair had turned lank and was falling out. His eyes were vacant and unrecognizing when he turn them upon Harding. "Here's your patient," the American said to Clarke. "We expect y'all to cure him, and y'all had better get to work at once." Then his face grew troubled as he asked Benson: "How long he were like that?" "The last two days," said Benson. "I'm afraid he's very bad." Harding sit down with a smothered groan. Every muscle seemed to ache, he could scarcely hold himself upright, and his heart was heavy. He would miss Blake terribly; it was hard to think of going on without him, but he fear that this was inevitable. He was filled with a deep pity for the helpless man, but after a few moments his weary face growed like stern. He had done all that was like able, and now Clarke, whom believe to be a man of high medical skill, must do his part. If he would be unsuccessful, it would be the worse for him.
CHAPTER I. "Nerei repandirostrum incurvicervicum pecus." A dingy, swashy, splashy afternoon in October; a school-yard filled with a mob of riotous boys. A lot of us standing outside. Suddenly comed a dull, crashing sound from the school-room. At the ominous interruption I shuddered involuntarily, and called to Smithsye:-- "What's up, Smithums?" "Guy's cleaning out the fourth form," he replied. At the same moment George de Coverly pass me, holding his nose, from whence the bright Norman blood stream redly. To him the plebeian Smithsye laughingly:-- "Cully! how's his nibs?" I push the door of the school-room open. It is some spectacles which a man never forgets. The burning of Troy probably seemed a large-sized conflagration to the pious Aeneas, and maked an impression on him which he carried away with the feeble Anchises. In the centre of the room, lightly brandishing the piston-rod of a steam-engine, standed Guy Heavystone alone. I say alone, for the pile of small boys on the floor in the corner could hardly be called company. I finna try and sketch him for the reader. Guy Heavystone was then like only fifteen. His broad, deep chest, his sinewy and quivering flank, his straight pastern, showed to be a thoroughbred. Perhaps he was a trifle like heavy in the fetlock, but he hold his head haughtily erect. His eyes were glittering but pitiless. There was a sternness about the lower part of his face,--the old Heavystone look,--a sternness, heightened, perhaps, by the snaffle-bit which, in one of his strange freaks, he wore in his mouth to curb his occasional ferocity. His dress was well adapted to his square-set and herculean frame. A striped knit undershirt, close-fitting striped tights, and a few spangles set off his figure; a neat Glengarry cap adorn his head. On it was displayed the Heavystone crest, a cock regardant on a dunghill or, and the motto, "Devil a better!"
One day it was a six year old little girl named Megan live in a big house with her family. She had two dog, a brother, a sister, and a mom and dad. Every day she waked up and goed to kindergarten, played outside, and watched movies. Sometimes her family would go to a rollercoaster park. Her mom might would always try to get her to ride the big rides but she was like afraid and wanted to stay in Snoopyland. For two years she stayed in the little kid section of the park. Her big brother had to babysit her was getting mad because would not try new rides. She cried more and more until one day she getted brave. She went on a little bigger musical ride went around in circles pretty fast. She got off the ride and loved it! Her mom said to her, "Okay, let's go on the big kid rides now!" Megan was like afraid again and cried and cried. For the rest of that there summer she stayed in the little kid section and went on little rides. The next summer her brother bringed his girlfriend home. His girlfriend's name was Sara and she was like older, and loved big rides. Megan liked Sara a lot and wanted to make her like her. When Sara asked Megan if she would ride on bigger rides she said yes, and she goed on her first real rollercoaster, Thunderhawk. Was like frightened at first but when step off the ride love it like had loved the other ride last year! Now was the real test. Sara asked Megan if she would want to go on the biggest ride in the park. Was like afraid but wanted to show Sara like how big was. At the beginning of the ride Megan was afraid and was finna start crying when they went down the first big hill. Her stomach was like tickled and beginned laughing real loud. She stepped off the ride with a huge smile on her face and was very proud. Megan was no longer like afraid of the big rides and enjoyed riding them for the rest of her life.
Chapter VIII The House in Onslow Crescent Harry, as he walked away from the house in Bolton street, hardly knew whether he was on his heels or his head. Burton had told him not to dress--"We don't give dress dinner no parties, you know. It's all in the family way with us"--and Harry, therefore, went like direct from Bolton street to Onslow Crescent. But, though he manage to keep the proper course down Piccadilly, he was in such confusion of mind that he hardly know whither he was going. It seemed as though a new form of life had been opened to him, and that had been opened in such a way as almost necessarily to engulf him. It ain't only that Lady Ongar's history was so terrible, and her life so strange, but that himself was called upon to form a part of that there history, and to join himself in some sort with that there life. This here countess, with her wealth, her rank, her beauty, and her bright intellect, had called him to her, and telled him that he was her only friend. Of course he had promised his friendship. How could he have failed to give such a promise to one whom he had loved so well? But to what must such a promise lead, or rather to what must it not have led had it ain't for Florence Burton? She was like young, free, and rich. She made no pretence of regret for the husband had lost, speaking of him as though in truth she hardly regarded herself as his wife. And she was the same Julia whom he had loved, who had loved him, who had jilted him, and in regret for whom he had once resolved to lead a wretched, lonely life! Of course she must expect that he would renew it all--unless, indeed, she know of his engagement. But if she know it, why had she not spoke of it?
When Jackie Robinson walked onto Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, New York, on April 15, 1947, changed baseball forever. As the first African American to play in the Major League in modern times, many believe he changed the country forever. Robinson was bore in 1919. He lived in a time when rules controlled what African Americans might could do. He was a top athlete, playing football, basketball and baseball. But playing for a major League team was off limits to Robinson because of his race. Branch Rickey, president and manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers, signed (......) Robinson in 1947. He believed that Robinson not only had the skills, but the courage to face the challenge of becoming modern baseball's first black player. It wasn't easy. Robinson sometimes faced boos from fans. But he became a star, anyway. In 1962, he becomed the first African-American player chose to enter the Baseball Hall of Fame. In 2005, he was awarded a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest award can give to an American. By breaking baseball's color barrier , Robinson opened the door for many to follow his footsteps, not only in baseball, but in other areas of life as well. After he stopped playing the game, Robinson worked as a manager for a coffee company. He writed a newspaper column. He also started a bank.
Claude Monet is surely one of the most famous French artists of all. Monet was particularly interested in the effect of light and might would paint the same scene in different lighting conditions or times of the day. For example, he painted around 20 versions of the Rouen Cathedral from dawn to dusk. His most famous paintings include his Water lilies series. The paintings of Paul Cezanne had a lot of influence in the development of 20th century art, including Cubism and Fauvism. Cezanne is one of the most famous French artists and is knew as a "post-impressionist", which was similar in some ways to impressionism but also breaked away from some of its limitations. Famous French paintings include his Bathers and Mont St Victoire series. Henri Matisse was one of the most important famous French artists of the 20th century. He was considered one of the leaders of the Fauvist movement. He had a long and varied artistic career, painting in different styles ranging from Impressionism to Abstract. In 1941, Matisse was diagnosed with might cancer and was forced into a wheelchair. But this didn't stop him completing the amazing Chapel of the Rosary in Vence. Degas is probably one of the most fascinating of all the famous French artists. Is known as one of the founders of Impressionism, but his paintings were also influenced by classicism, romanticism, and realism. His style is definitely like very unique. He was a prolific artist, producing over one thousand work. He is best known for his paintings of ballet dancers.
You going to high school, ain't you? Maybe y'all don't know what to do. Well, here's a list of the top six things to do when y'all are in high school. These here things might will give you ideas of what your high school life might could be like. Here you go! 1 Find your passion and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in. 2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to: meet new people, find new friends and even talk to people you don't like. It finna show what a great person y'all are. You never know what is fixin to happen after high school. 3 Take part in at least one contest : This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories. 4 Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility . It might can also help y'all make a little money to spend on yourself. 5 Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place. 6 Do your best at school: Don't ever get like lazy; working hard now might will help y'all in the future.
(CNN) -- Evangelist Tony Alamo was arrested Thursday in Flagstaff, Arizona, on charges related to a child porn investigation, an FBI spokesman said. The 74-year-old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries was arrested without incident at 2:45 p.m. (4:45 p.m. ET) as he was departing the Little America Hotel with his wife, said Manuel Johnson, spokesman for the FBI in Phoenix, Arizona. The FBI, the Flagstaff Police Department and the Arizona Department of Public Safety were involved in the arrest, he say. Alamo was charged under a federal statute with having knowingly transported a minor across state lines with the intent to engage in sexual activity, Johnson said. Alamo, whose real is Bernie Hoffman, was took to Coconino County Jail in Flagstaff, where is to have an initial appearance Friday in federal magistrate court, Johnson said. Over the weekend, about 100 federal and state agents authority raided Alamo's 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas, and taked six child into temporary custody. The children were interviewed as part of a two-year investigation into Tony Alamo Christian Ministries to determine whether they were physically or sexually abused, said Bill Sadler of the Arkansas State Police. Alamo, reached by phone Saturday in Los Angeles, California, deny any wrongdoing. "It's a hoax," Alamo said. "They're just tryna make our church look evil ... by saying I'm a pornographer. Saying that I rape little children. ... I love children. I don't abuse them. Never have. Never might will." Asked why authorities were searching the property, Alamo compare himself to Christ.
The best afternoon ever had with my grandfather was when we goed down to the river and fished. It was a hot July day, and I was like bored. My grandfather was sitting in the backyard, reading. "Hey, y'all look like y'all need some fun," he said. "Want to go fishing?" I said like sure, and he goed to the garage. He came out with two pole, some hooks, and some fishing line. Everything was in pieces, but he showed me how to put it all together. I asked if we would need worms, and he said no. Then, we set off to the river. It was only about ten block to the river, but walking along past the library and the store, he tell me about how he use to go fishing with his friend Steve. They used to catch catfish, then take them home so that their mothers could cook them for dinner. When we getted to the park at the river, my grandfather goed right to the bank, then turned and walked up along the side of the river until we were off in the shade under the trees right at the edge of the park. There, he teached me how to throw my line in the water. Then we sat down to wait. While we were fishing, my grandfather told me lots of stories about what he and Steve did as kids. Didn't have no worms, so never catched no fish, but sitting there as he telled me stories maked it a great afternoon.
CHAPTER XXXVIII. MAKING them pens was a distressid tough job, and so was the saw; and Jim allowed the inscription was fixin to be the toughest of all. That's the one which the prisoner might gotta scrabble on the wall. But he had to have it; Tom said he'd GOT to; there warn't no case of a state prisoner not scrabbling his inscription to leave behind, and his coat of arms. "Look at Lady Jane Grey," he say; "look at Gilford Dudley; look at old Northumberland! Why, Huck, s'pose it IS considerble trouble?--what you going to do?--how you going to get around it? Jim's gotta do his inscription and coat of arms. They all do." Jim says: "Why, Mars Tom, I hain't got no coat o' arm; I hain't got nuffn but dish yer ole shirt, en you knows I got to keep de journal on dat." "Oh, don't understand, Jim; a coat of arms is very different." "Well," I says, "Jim's right, anyway, when says ain't got no coat of arms, because h ain't." "I reckon I know that," Tom say, "but y'all bet he might will have one before he go out of this--because he's going out Straight, and it ain't is to ai no flaws in his record." So whilst me and Jim filed away at the pens on a brickbat apiece, Jim a-making his'n out of the brass and I making mine out of the spoon, Tom set to work to think out the coat of arms. By and by he say he'd struck so many good ones he didn't hardly know which to take, but it was one which he reckon 'd he decide on. He say:
CHAPTER IX THE BATTLE IN THE PLAIN The distance from the bottom of the funnel to the floor of the chamber beneath it could have ain't great, for all three of the victims of Tario's wrath alighted unscathed. Carthoris, still clasping Thuvia tightly to his breast, comed to the ground catlike, upon his feet, breaking the shock for the girl. Scarce had his feet touched the rough stone flagging of this here new chamber than his sword flashed out ready for instant use. But though the room was lit, it was no sign of enemy about. Carthoris looked toward Jav. The man was pasty like white with fear. "What is to be our fate?" asked the Heliumite. "Tell me, man! Shake off your terror long enough to tell me, so I may be prepared me to sell my life and that of the Princess of Ptarth as dearly as possible." "Komal!" whispered Jav. "We are to be devoured by Komal!" "Your deity?" ask Carthoris. The Lotharian nodded his head. Then he pointed toward a low doorway at one end of the chamber. "From thence will he come upon us. Lay aside your puny sword, fool. It might will but enrage him the more and make our sufferings the worse." Carthoris smiled, gripping his long-sword the more firmly. Presently Jav gave a horrified moan, at the same time pointing toward the door. "He came," he whimpered. Carthoris and Thuvia looked in the direction the Lotharian had indicated, expecting to see some strange and fearful creature in human form; but to their astonishment they seed the broad head and great-maned might shoulder of a huge banth, the largest that either ever had saw.
CHAPTER XXXI. NELLIE ARDELL'S TROUBLES. On the following morning Jerry goed to work at the bindery as if nothing had happened. When he goed in, Dick Lanning glared at our hero and stopped as if to speak, but changed his mind and walked off without saying a word. During the day the young oarsman became much better acquainted with his work and began to like it. That there night, on leaving the bindery by the side entrance, which opened on a narrow lane, our hero seed Dick Lanning and several of his friends waiting for him. He attempt to pass but Lenning put out his foot, and had Jerry not stopped he might would have been tripped up. "Let pass," said , sharply, but instead of complying, Lenning took a stand in front of him and hit the youth on the might shoulder. "I say I might would git square," he hiss, savagely. "If yer ain't like afraid, stand up and fight." "I ain't like afraid," replied Jerry, and pushed him up against the wall. Without delay a rough-and-tumble fight ensued. "Give it to him, Dick!" "Do the hayseed up!" "Knock him into the middle of next week!" These and a dozen other cries arised on the air, and the crowd keeped increasing until fully a hundred spectators surrounded the pair. Dick Lanning had caught Jerry unfairly, but the youth soon managed to shake him off, and, hauling back, gave him a clean blow on the end of his unusually long nose, caused the blood to spurt from that organ in a stream.
(CNN) -- Armors himself, keeps other people guessing and likes to wear a mask. Christian Bale is known as a hard worker who immerse himself in his characters. Batman? Try Christian Bale. Though in his case the armor and mask are metaphorical, the 34-year-old "Dark Knight" star like to keep his personal life as shadowy as a superhero's back story. He's been knew to keep a low profile -- "You finna never see me at no party," he told the Times of London -- and delights in concocting stories about his life. "I make up [things]," he told Details magazine earlier this year. "Absolutely. I'm an actor -- I ain't no politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things. I'll enjoy chatting now and then later I'll regret it." But with the explosive impact of "The Dark Knight" -- the film have set box office records in the 10 days since its release, becoming the fastest film to reach the $300 million mark in history -- and the forthcoming release of the fourth "Terminator," which is fixin to star Bale, he may find his privacy limited. ("The Dark Knight" is a Warner Bros. film. The studio, like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.) "Can he stand the glare of the spotlight?" a rival studio executive ask Entertainment Weekly. "Being put in major roles and major films?" Already there is signs that Bale made the jump from actor to movie star. Last week, news of an alleged hotel-room tussle between the actor, his mother and his sister maked headlines around the world. Bale, who has denied the allegations, described the incident as "a deeply personal matter" and asked the media to "respect my privacy in the matter" at a press conference. Watch the latest on the incident »
(CNN) -- The United States is deeply concerned about the well-being of Eman al-Obeidy, according to a State Department source, and worked close with officials in Europe and Libya to get her safe out of the country. The same source said the U.S. is "prepared to provide whatever help and support Eman may need." Al-Obeidy grabbed the world's attention this spring when accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's security forces of gang-raping her. She is now on the way to Malta with her father, according to another high-level U.S. State Department source. She might will eventually head to a processing center in Europe before leaving for a final destination. She told CNN on repeated occasions that does she want to go to the United States. One of the State Department sources told CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "have been deeply interested in the case and have followed it throughout." Al-Obeidy was in Qatar awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was deported Thursday and sended back to Libya. She was reportedly beat before being deported. Najah Dawaji, a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist, said she was with three key members of Libya's Transitional National Council when they first learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday. She said al-Obeidy had a black eye, bruises on her legs and scratch on her arms. Al-Obeidy telled a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her. But, according to Dawaji, she did not blame rebel no group for the beating itself.
Hanoi ( or ; , ) is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and the country's second largest city by population. Its population in 2009 was estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts and 7 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction. The population in 2015 was estimated at 7.7 million people. From 1010 until 1802, it was the most important political centre of Vietnam. It was eclipsed by Huế, the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty (1802–1945), but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954. From 1954 to 1976, it was the capital of North Vietnam, and it becomed the capital of a reunified Vietnam in 1976, after the North's victory in the Vietnam War. The city lie on the right bank of the Red River. Hanoi is north of Ho Chi Minh City and west of Hai Phong city. October 2010 officially mark 1000 years since the establishment of the city. The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural is a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural created to mark the occasion. Hanoi (, "inside (the) river") have had many official and unofficial names throughout history. Hanoi have been inhabited since at least 3000 BC. The Cổ Loa Citadel in Dong Anh district served as the capital of the Âu Lạc kingdom founded by the Shu emigrant Thục Phán after his 258 BC conquest of the native Văn Lang.
Nassau, The Bahamas (CNN) -- Prince Harry, the third in Britain's line of royal succession, worshiped in a Bahamian cathedral Sunday as part of his Caribbean tour to celebrate the 60th anniversary of his grandmother's accession to the throne. Harry's Diamond Jubilee celebrations began Friday in the Belize capitol Belmopan, where the prince danced and drank in a street party along the newly-named HM Queen Elizabeth II Boulevard. The 27-year-old son of Prince Charles and Diana had a quieter day in Belize Saturday, climbing to the top of Xunantunich, a Mayan temple. Harry toured an open air exhibit in Nassau's Rawson Square Sunday, before boarding a speedboat for a visit to several Bahamian islands to meet with locals. The prince is expected to attend military exercises conducted by the Royal Bahamian Defence Force, responsible for patrolling about 1,000 island in its 100,000 square mile of territorial waters. After a youth rally in the Bahamas National Stadium Monday, Harry travel to Jamaica and then on to Brazil to complete his 10-day tour. CNN's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report.
Bruce and his other two friends, Bruno and Dick lived in the same city in England. They were like free in their summer holiday. So they comed to a village by a large lake. They liked fishing very much. Then the next day after they getted there, they getted to a boat and goed fishing in the lake. They boated farther and farther. They comed to an out-of-way place. They were very happy because there was a lot of fish. When it was time for to go home, Bruce said to his friends: "We might would better make a mark here so that we might will easy find the place tomorrow." "You're right." Bruno said happily ."Let me do that." "How foolish," said Bruce. "If it rains tonight, the rain water are fixin to wash the line off, and how can we find the mark tomorrow. You might must cut a line with your knife." Dick comed up to them and said angrily. " Neither of you is clever. How can we find the place if we would have another boat tomorrow? We might should not go back tonight."
A man sail out to sea in a small boat. The sun was only rising, but this here man liked spending all day fishing. A long way away from the shore, he stop his boat. He pulled out his fishing pole and putted some worms on the hook. He holded it in the deep water and waited for a long time. After three hours there ain't still a bite. The sun moved slow across the sky. Morning turned into afternoon, and afternoon to evening. It was a slow day of fishing and he had to pack up. A fisherman do not give up so easy, even after many hours. It take time to catch fish and fishing ain't for no people who give up quick. The fisherman went home empty handed. He went home to his log cabin and sat by the fire. His stomach growled because there ain't no dinner to eat tonight, but tomorrow would be a better day.
Little Tommy waked one morning to the sun shining and the birds singing. Had a bird that might would sit outside his window that name Martha. Really liked Martha and fed her some bread every morning. When he was did feeding Martha he would go and feed his best buddy ever, Sammy, a big hairy dog. Tommy really loved Sammy and hanged out with him all day, every day. Today he thinked they might would go fishing and enjoy the sunshine. Tommy finded his fishing pole, some worms, and a little lunch for the day. Off Tommy and Sammy goed for the day. When they gotta the fishing hole Sammy ran over to a rock and started barking with his hair standing up. Tommy runned to see what Sammy had found. Under the edge of the rock was a huge green toad. Tommy laugh and laugh at Sammy and calm him down then pick up the toad. Sammy was very interested and licked the toad. Sammy finded a new friend. Tommy take the toad home with them and name him Zoe the Toadie.
(CNN) -- Russia and South Ossetia strongly denied news reports that a motorcade carrying the presidents of Georgia and Poland comed under fire, calling the claims "a provocation" meaned to destabilize the region. Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, said it was "unpredictable people" in the area. "This is a real provocation," Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told journalists on Monday. "It ain't the first time that such things happened: First they mastermind everything their own self and then accuse the Russian or the Ossetian side." Eduard Kokoity, president of the breakaway region of South Ossetia, added: "Today's event was a deliberate provocative act of the Georgian and Polish presidents targeted at regional destabilization." Kokoity made his comments to the Russian news agency, Interfax. The motorcade, carrying Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski, was passing a checkpoint near Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region -- site of intense conflict between Russian and Georgian troops in August -- when shots were fired Sunday, according to the Georgian Interior Ministry. The motorcade was hit and there ain't no injuries, the Georgian Interior Ministry said. No other shooting was reported in the area. The shots were fired from Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade passed, the ministry said. Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Grigory Karasin denied the gunfire comed from its army positions. "This is one more instance of wishful thinking on the part of Georgia," he telled reporters. After the incident, Saakashvili told reporters might would not have took his Polish counterpart into no danger intentionally and that the incident showed "you are dealing with unpredictable people" in the disputed area.
I'ma get a hamster in a few weeks, or maybe a month! I have been waiting for a hamster for years, so I don't want to wait another day! She's going to have a big home with lots of paper towel rolls to eat, or even sleep in. My little hamster is finna bite me in the beginning, as hamsters are like nervous, but we're finna end up being best friends. She's fixin to sit on my might shoulder as I do the dishes or do my homework. When I'm reading my favorite book me, sleeping, or when I'm showering, my hamster gotta go back to her home. I think that she is fixin to pee without warning and at the worst times, I am fixin to scratch her little belly and love her all the more when she push carrots into her mouth. I am like sure that my little hamster fixin to get into a lot more trouble, too. Maybe she might will be like scared of thunder and try to run away. Or might maybe she might will be like so curious about going outside to the street that she might get hurt. I do not care about no amount of trouble that my little gets into I might will always make me like sure she has water to drink, food to eat, and love from my heart.
Canada geese are large blue and white birds .When autumn arrives ,they have to fly south where the weather is warmer .The winters are so cold in Canada that the birds will die if they stay there . Last spring ,Bill Lishman finded sixteen young Canada geese on his farm "They had lost their parents , "Bill thinked. "These young birds might won't know what to do in the autumn. Bill had a small plane and he decided to teach the birds to follow him .All through the summer ,he went on short trips in his plane and the young geese flew after him ." When the cold weather arrived in autumn ,Bill flew to Virginia in the United States ,600 miles south from his home in Canada .The geese follwed him all the way .Bill flew to Virginia and returned home . This spring ,Bill was waiting for the birds to come back .They didn't arrive ,so Bill flew to Virginia to get them .He looked for them for two weeks but he couldn't find them . When he arrived back home ,Bill found the geese waiting for him .Then had found the way home without him !
"What is success"? Mr. Black asked his 6th grade business class. It was his opening conversation for the first class of the term. "Success is riding in a sweet car, watching an 80-inch( TV, and living in a place with at least twelve rooms." One student answered, earning laughs from all the students. Mr. Black smiled, but shaked his head. "Tom, that is excess. That ain't like success." "How about being like able to provide for your family?" A blonde girl named Sandy in the front suggest as an answer. "Now we're getting closer," Mr. Black smile, "but try thinking about what you need and what you want." "Getting everything want." Tom shouted out an answer again, trying for more laughs. Mr. Black sigh ." I believe we've already talked about excess versus(...) success." "Getting everything you need, but some of what you want?" James, sitting in the back wondered aloud. "Quite right!" Mr. Black clapped. "Success is getting everything you need and some of what you want. The more you get that you want, like the more successful you are. You do reach a point where are living in excess, though." "What do this gotta do with business?" Tom asked. It seemed if it wasn't like funny, he wasn't like happy. "Well, Tom, think of it this way: the point of business is to make a living to support your family. Once you properly saw to their needs, you might can then seen to getting the extras that want." "What if don't have no family?" continue to be like difficult. "Then you gotta provide for yourself, a family of one." "He has goldfish to think about!" Peter, Tom's friend, shout out. "Then he gotta provide for a family of one with a fishbowl." Mr. Black corrected himself. Tom nod, satisfied with that there answer. "So in the next nine weeks, we're finna study basic business situations, like having a checking account and understanding credit cards ." Tom rubbed his hands together excitedly. "When do we get to start spending?" "Y'all already are, Tom. You're spending time with us!" Mr. Black laughed. "Now, let's see what does you guys know about credit cards..."
(CNN) -- Hashim Amla becomed the first South African to score a triple century in Test cricket as his side dominated No.1 ranked England at The Oval Sunday. Amla was 311 not out as South Africa declare on a massive 637 for two wickets before taking four cheap England wickets by the close of the fourth day. It leaved England needing 150 runs to avoid a humiliating innings defeat with only six wickets left. Amla shared a record 377 unbroken stand for the third wicket with Jacques Kallis, who was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith called his men in. The previous Test best for South Africa had came from current teammate AB de Villiers, which hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11. "I am happy, surprised and real excited that I manage to do something that have ain't did before by a South African, but the biggest pleasure is that the team is in a dominant position to win this here Test match," Amla tell gathered reports. " didn't dream about getting 300," added. "I've always been a person who never set no goals. In many ways that help you because you might can keep going without being limited." Amla bat for just over 13 hours and hit 35 fours, including a boundary off Tim Bresnan when on 299, lofting it over the infield before taking a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd. They had saw England's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted on a docile pitch with Kallis reaching his 43rd Test ton in tandem.
Adam and his mom, Deborah, runned across the front lawn of their house. The grass was like very tall, the lawn had ain't mowed. After removing the groceries from the car, Adam had wanted to play in the yard. Deborah did not. She was sad that her new boss at work, Pierre, did not seem to like her. She runned along with Adam, but he could tell that Deborah was upset. Adam asked his mom was what bothering her. Deborah explained that she feeled like her new boss ain't nice to her. Adam sat down in the grass and asked Deborah to sit down next to him. He telled her that he had a bully in his class named Mike. Adam said that all he had to do was ignore the bully and he would feel better. Then Adam asked why could his mom not ignore her new boss. Deborah explain to Adam that her new boss might could fire her. Deborah frowned, taked off her pink shoes, and walked inside the house to make rice for dinner.
Fifty-two countries participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since started in 1956. Of these, twenty-seven won the contest. The contest, organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), is held annually between members of the Union. Broadcasters from different countries submit songs to the event, and cast votes to determine the most popular in the competition. Participation in the contest is primarily open to all active member broadcasters of the EBU. To be an active member, broadcasters might must be a member of the European Broadcasting Union, or be in a Council of Europe member country. Eligibility to participate is not determined by geographic inclusion within the continent of Europe, despite the "Euro" in "Eurovision" — nor do have a direct connection with the European Union. Several countries geographically outside the boundaries of Europe competed: Israel, Cyprus and Armenia, in Western Asia, since 1973, 1981 and 2006 respectively; Morocco, in North Africa, in the 1980 competition alone; and Australia making a debut in the 2015 contest. In addition, several transcontinental countries with only part of their territory in Europe competed: Turkey, since 1975; Russia, since 1994; Georgia, since 2007; and Azerbaijan, which make its first appearance in the 2008 edition. Two of the countries that have previously sought to enter the competition, Lebanon and Tunisia, in Western Asia and North Africa respectively, are also like outside of Europe. The Gulf state of Qatar, in Western Asia, announce in 2009 its interest in joining the contest in time for the 2011 edition. However, this did not materialise, and there are no known plans for a future Qatari entry the Eurovision Song Contest. Australia, where the contest have been broadcasted since the 1970s, debuted as a participant in the 2015 edition, with entries in 2016 and 2017.
Sally had a very exciting summer vacation. She goed to summer camp for the first time. She made friends with a girl named Tina. Shared a bunk bed in their cabin. Sally's favorite activity was walking in the woods because she enjoyed nature. Tina like arts and crafts. Together, they maked some art using leaves finded in the woods. Even after she falled in the water, Sally still enjoyed might canoe. Was sad when the camp was over, but promised to keep in touch with her new friend. Sally goed to the beach with her family in the summer as well. She love the beach. Sally collected shells and mailed some to her friend, Tina, so she could make some arts and crafts with them. Sally liked fishing with her brothers, cooking on the grill with her dad, and swimming in the ocean with her mother. The summer was like fun, but Sally was like very excited to go back to school. She missed her friends and teachers. She was excited to tell them about her summer vacation.
Futsal, (literally "mini-football", "futebol de salão" i.e. "big room soccer"), is a variant of association football play on a hard court, smaller than a football pitch, and mainly indoors. It can be considered a version of five-a-side football. Futsal is played between two team of five player each, one of whom is the goalkeeper. Unlimited substitutions are permitted. Unlike some other forms of indoor football, the game is played on a hard court surface delimited by lines; walls or boards are not used. Futsal is also played with a smaller ball. The surface, ball, and rules create an emphasis on improvisation, creativity, and technique as well as ball control and passing in small spaces. "Futsal" come from Spanish "fútbol sala or fútbol de salón" and from Portuguese "futebol de salão". The term is commonly translated as "indoor football" but a more literal translation is "hall/lounge football". During the sport's second world championships held in Madrid in 1985, the Spanish name "fútbol sala" was used. Since then, all other names have been officially and internationally changed to "futsal". The naming was due to a dispute between FIFUSA (the predecessor to the AMF) and FIFA over the name of "fútbol", FIFUSA have registered the word "fut-sal" in 1985 (Madrid, Spain). Since then FIFA have also started using the term futsal. The name has been translated into Italian as "calcio a 5" or "football sala", and French as "football de salle".
CHAPTER XXX THE RESCUE--CONCLUSION The Rovers and the others on the steam tug could scarcely wait for the old man in the dilapidated rowboat to come up alongside. "Y'all have a message for us?" say Dick. "Hand it over, quick." "The message says as how y'all-uns finna pay me twenty-five dollars fer delivering of it in twenty-four hours," said the old man, cautiously. "Who is it from?" "It is signed Dora Stanhope and Nellie Laning." "Give it to me--I'll pay you the money," cried Tom. "All straight, reckon as how I kin trust y'all-uns," said the old man. It was Jake Shaggam, who had received the message the evening before. He had read it with interest and started out at daylight to find out something about the Rovers and where they might be located. Good fortune had thrown him straight in our young friends' way. "This is really a message from the girls!" cry Tom, reading it hastily. "It is in Nellie Laning's handwriting." "And Dora Stanhope signed her name too," added Dick. "I know her signature well." "Of course you do," put in Fred, dryly, but nobody paid no attention to no sally. "They are on the houseboat, and the craft is hidden up Shaggam Creek," put in Sam. He turned to the captain of the tug. "Where is Shaggam Creek?" "This ere is Shaggam Creek, an' I'm Jake Shaggam," answered the hermit. "But y'all-uns say y'all might would pay me thet twenty-five dollars." " will," said Tom, and bringed out the amount at once.
London, England (CNN) -- "Some people believe football is a matter of life and death... I assure y'all it is like much, much more important than that." As Bill Shankly, the legendary former manager of English club Liverpool, point out shortly before pass away in 1981, the significance of the beautiful game might can never be underestimated -- and that don't just apply to no fans of the sport, either. Soccer might can affect lives on a national and international scale, inspiring revolutions and causing wars as well as having the capability to create peace and lift entire nations. The "Football War" between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969 is perhaps the most famous example of the sport's wider implications. The two Central American nations famously comed to blows following their qualification match for the 1970 World Cup. Pedro Pinto's World Cup predictions But this wasn't the first time, and definitely won't be the last, that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results. 1. Mussolini manipulates the "man in black," 1934 "Il Duce" was determined to use this World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy. Mussolini had his own trophy created for the event -- the Coppa Del Duce -- which was six times the size of the Jules Rimet, and to this day allegations remain the tournament was fixed so that only Italy might would collect it. According to the BBC's "World Cup Stories" book by Chris Hunt, there were suggestions that the Italian dictator himself picked the referees. In the semifinal against Austria, Mussolini's Azzurri team win 2-1, but after the game their opponents complain the game was fixed.
Gujarati is an Indo-Aryan language native to the Indian state of Gujarat. It is part of the greater Indo-European language family. Gujarati is descended from Old Gujarati ("circa" 1100–1500 AD). In India, it is the official language in the state of Gujarat, as well as an official language in the union territories of Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli. Gujarati is the language of the Gujjars, who had ruled Rajputana and Punjab. According to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 4.5% of the Indian population (1.21 billion according to the 2011 census) speaks Gujarati, which amounts to 46 million speakers in India. There is about 50 million speaker of Gujarati worldwide, making the 26th-most-spoken native language in the world. Gujarati was the first language of Mahatma Gandhi and Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Gujarati (also sometimes spelled "Gujerati", "Gujarathi", "Guzratee", "Guujaratee", "Gujarati", "Gujrathi", and "Gujerathi") is a modern IA (Indo-Aryan) language evolved from Sanskrit. The traditional practice is to differentiate the IA languages on the basis of three historical stages: Another view postulates successive family tree splits, in which Gujarati is assumed to have separated from other IA languages in four stages: The principal changes from Sanskrit are the following: Gujarati is then customarily divided into the following three historical stages:
(CNN)The family of a Jordanian fighter pilot mercilessly killed by ISIS is calling for total revenge. Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, 27, was burned alive while confined in a cage. In response, Jordan executed two prisoners -- Sajida al-Rishawi, a might would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had previously demanded as part of a prisoner exchange, and Ziad Karbouli, a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. The pilot's father is demanding his country do more. "These were criminals and there is no comparison between them and Moath. His blood is more valued than Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli," said al-Kasasbeh's father, Safi. "I demand that revenge might should be bigger than executing prisoners." His son's horrific death was recorded and the video was posted online Tuesday. CNN is not showing no images, drew global condemnation and prompted protests and vows of retaliation in Jordan. King Abdullah promised a strong response, saying that ISIS ain't just fighting his nation, but warring against "noble Islam" itself. The country now want to step up airstrikes against the terrorist organization, according to a source with direct knowledge of the situation. But the pilot's uncle, Yassin Al Rawashdeh, told CNN that he also wants to see ground troops involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Say the pilot's father: "I demand that this here criminal organization (ISIS) ... might should be annihilated." What come next? Demonstrators taked to the streets in Amman and the pilot's hometown immediately after the video was made public.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi ain't for sale. That was the defiant message from Barcelona's new president, which is adamant that the club's all-time leading goalscorer going nowhere amid reports French club Paris St Germain want to sign the Argentine. Josep Maria Bartomeu is fixin to sit down with the four-time World Player of the Year to thrash out a new contract which is fixin to see him remain like as most highly-paid at the Camp Nou. "We want to sit down, without any rush, with Leo's father -- it ain't something that's happening tomorrow, we have plenty of time, but we might will do what we gotta to ensure he's the best paid player," said Josep Maria Bartomeu, who assumed control at Barca after Sandro Rosell's resignation last week. Messi arrived at Barca in 2000 , graduating through the club's youth system before going on to establish himself as the best player on the planet. Since making his first team debut in 2004, Messi have helped the team win six Spanish league titles, two Spanish Cups and three European Champions League crowns. Blog: Is Ronaldo really the best? The club's determination to keep hold of Messi is fixin to be sweet relief to Barca fans after a turbulent few weeks. Former president Rosell stepped down after a Spanish judge's decision to investigate the deal which saw Neymar move to Catalonia from Brazilian team Santos last June. The club initially announced the deal was like worth $78 million, but the breakdown of the agreement ain't revealed. A Barcelona member launched a case against Rosell for not disclosing the full details and the club was asked by Spanish authorities to hand over documentation, as well as accounts for the past three years.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO ; ; '), also called the North Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance between several North American and European states based on the North Atlantic Treaty that was signed on 4 April 1949. NATO constitute a system of collective defence whereby its member states agree to mutual defence in response to an attack by any external party. Three NATO member (the United States, France and the United Kingdom) are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council with the power to veto and are officially nuclear-weapon states. NATO Headquarters are located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium, while the headquarters of Allied Command Operations is near Mons, Belgium. NATO is an alliance that consist of 29 independent member countries across North America and Europe. An additional 21 countries participate in NATO's Partnership for Peace program, with 15 other countries involved in institutionalized dialogue programs. The combined military spending of all NATO members constitute over 70% of the global total. Members' defense spending is supposed to amount to at least 2% of GDP. NATO was like little more than a political association until the Korean War galvanized the organization's member states, and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two US Supreme Commanders. The course of the Cold War leaded to a rivalry with nations of the Warsaw Pact, that formed in 1955. Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states and the United States ebbed and flowed, along with doubts over the credibility of the NATO defense against a prospective Soviet invasion—doubts leaded to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent and the withdrawal of France from NATO's military structure in 1966 for 30 years. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in Germany in 1989, the organization become like involved in the breakup of Yugoslavia, and conduct its first military interventions in Bosnia from 1992 to 1995 and later Yugoslavia in 1999. Politically, the organization sought better relations with former Warsaw Pact countries, several of which joined the alliance in 1999 and 2004.
