Once upon a times, in a barn near a farm houses, there was a little white kitten named Cotton. Cotton lived high up in a nice warm place above the barn where of the farmer's horses sleeped. But Cotton ain't alone in her little home above the barn, oh no. She share hern hays bed with hern mommy and 5 other sisters. All of hern sisters was cute and fluffy, like Cotton. But she had been the only white one in the bunch. The rest of hern sisters had been all orange with beautiful white tiger stripes like Cotton's mommy. Being different make Cotton quite sad. She often wish she look like the rest of her family. So one day, when Cotton find a can of the old farmer's orange paint, she use it paint herself like them. When hern mommy and sisters find her they start laughing. "What-all are y'all doing, Cotton?!" "I only want to be more like y'all". Cotton's mommy rub her face on Cotton's and say "Oh Cotton, but your furs are so pretty and special, like y'all. We might would want y'all ain't any other way". And with that, Cotton's mommy pick her up and drop her into a big bucket of water. When Cotton comed out she was herself again. Hern sisters lick hern face until Cotton's fur was all all dry. "Don't ever do that again, Cotton!" they all have cried. "Next time y'all might mess up that pretty white fur of yours and we wouldn't want that!" Then Cotton think, "I am changing myn mind. I like being special".
Once there was a beautiful fish a-named Asta. Asta live in the ocean. There was lots of other the ocean fish where live. They play all day long. One day, a bottle floated by over the heads of Asta and his friends. They look up and see the bottle. "What-all be does it?" say Asta's friend Sharkie. "It looks like a birds's belly," say Asta. But when they are swimming closer, it had been not a bird's belly. It was hard and clear, and there was something inside it. The bottle a-floated above them. They have wanted to open it. They have wanted for to see what-all had been inside. So they catch the bottle and carry it down to the bottom of the ocean. They have cracked open a rock it. When they get it open, they find did what be inside. It had been a note. The note have been wrote in orange crayon on white papers. Asta could not read no note. Sharkie might could not read no note. They take the note to Asta's papa. "What-all does it say?" they ask. Asta's papa read the note. He tell Asta and Sharkie, "This here note is from a little girl. She wants to be yourn friend. If y'all are wanting to be hern friend, it is a note to her that we might can write. But y'all have for to find another bottle so we can send it to her." And that is what-all they did.
My doorbell rings. On the step, I find the elderly Chinese lady, small and slight, holding the hand of a little boy. In hern other hand, she holds a papers carrier bag. I know this here lady. It ain't her first visit. She is the boy's grandmother, and her daughter had bought the house next door last October. Hern daughter, Nicole, speaks fluent English. But she is now in , and her parents are here the little boy Shanghai. Nicole obviously told hern mother that Am I a-having heart surgery soon, so hern mother decided I am needing more nutrients. I am knowing does what be inside the bag--a thermos with hot soup and a stainless-steel container with rice, vegetables and either chicken, meat or shrimp, sometimes with a kind of pancake. This has done a-become an almost-daily practice. Communications between us are somewhat a-affected by the facts that she isn't speaking English and all might can say in Chinese ai hello. Once, she bring an iPad as well as the foods. She point to the screen, display a message from hern daughter telling us that hern mother want know if the food was all right and whether it was too salty. I ain't used to no iPads, so she indicate I should go with her to hern houses. Then, she handed the iPad to her husband and so almost immediately I finded myself looking at Nicole in Shanghai and discussing her mother's cooking and salt intake. Instantly, tears a-welled in myn eyes. "Yourn mother just might cann't ai a-bringing me no meals like this all the times," I insist. "It is dishes in return . that i can hardly do " "Oh, no, Lucy." Nicole had said. "Mum don't like western food. Aren't worrying about it; she has to cook for the three of them anyway, and she is wanting to do it." The doorbell is keeping ringing and it is the familiar brown paper carrier bag, handed smilingly to me. I am now a-working on some more Chinese words--it's the least might can do after such display of kindness. "Are Thanking y'all" is, of course, the first one. Somehow, it is seeming inadequate.
(CNN) -- Dennis Farina, the dapper, mustachioed cop-turned-actor best known for his tough-as-nails work in such TV series as "Law & Order," "Crime Story," and "Miami Vice," has died. He was 69. "We are deep a-saddened by the loses of a great actor and a wonderful man," done said hisn publicist, Lori De Waal, in a statement Monday. "Dennis Farina have been always warmhearted and professional, with a great sense of humor and passion for hisn profession. He will be greatly missed by hisn family, friends and colleagues." Farina, at had a long career as a polouses officer in Chicago, get into acting through director Michael Mann, at use him as a consultant and cast him in hisn 1981 movie, "Thief." That role led to others in such Mann-created shows as "Miami Vice" (in which Farina played a mobster) and "Crime Story" (in which he starred as Lt. Mike Torello). It is roles , generally as either cops or gangsters , in a number of movies , including " Midnight Run " ( 1988 ) , " Get Shorty " ( 1995 ) , " The Mod Squad " ( 1999 ) and " Snatch " ( 2000 ) that farina also had had . In 2004, he join the cast of the long-a-running "Law & Order" after Jerry Orbach's departure, a-playing Detective Joe Fontana, a role he reprise on the spinoff "Trials by Jury." Fontana was known for flashy clothes and an expensive car, a distinct counterpoint to Orbach's rumpled Lennie Briscoe. Farina had been on "Law & Order" for two years, a-partnered with Jesse L. Martin's Ed Green. Martin's character become a senior detective after Farina leave the show.
Kendra and Quinton travel to and from schools every day. Kendra is living further from the bus stop than Quinton does, are stopping every morning at Quinton's house for to join him for to walk to the bus stop. Every afternoon, after school, when a-walking home from the bus stop they are going in for cookies and milk that Quinton's mother has ready and a-waiting for them. Quinton might cann't eat no cheese or cake so they ai the same snack every day. They both are working together on their homework and so when they are did they are playing together. Kendra always is making sure to leave in to get home dinner time. She isn't wanting for to miss story times had been right before bedtime. One morning Kendra walk up to Quinton's house, she think something might be wrong because normally Quinton was waiting outside for her and on no morning he ain't for to be a-found. Kendra go up to the door and knock. She wait and so wait and so yet no one answer. She had seen that Quinton's mother's car ain't in their driveway which had been weird. She wait for a few bit a-looking up and down the block and a-getting worried when Quinton ain't nowhere to be found. Kendra isn't wanting miss the bus to school and hurry off make it in time. The bus driver see that she was upset and that Quinton ain't with her that morning. She tell him what-all happen and he say that he was sure that everything might would be okay. Kendra getted to school, runned to hern teacher and telled him what-all done happened that morning. The teacher had smiled and have told her not worry, Quinton's mother had done called and he was going to the dentist and might would be at school after lunch and that she might would see him at the bus stop like normal tomorrow.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York City in the U.S. state of New York. In the southwest of the city, Staten Island is the southernmost part of both the city and state of New York, with Conference House Park at the southern tip of the island and the state. The borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a 2016 Census-estimated population of 476,015, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-most largest in area at. Staten Island is the only borough of New a non-Hispanic White majority York. The borough is coextensive with Richmond County, and until 1975 have been the Borough of Richmond. Itsn flag have been later changed to reflect this. Staten Island done been sometimes called "the forgot borough" by inhabitants who is feeling neglected by the city government. The North Shore—especially the neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton—is the urbanest part of the island; it contains the designated St. George Historic District and the St. Paul's Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, feature large Victorian houses. The East Shore is home to the F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-longest in the world. The South Shore, site of the 17th-century Dutch and French Huguenot settlement, a-developed rapidly beginning in the 1960s and 1970s and is now mostly suburban in character. The West Shore is the least populated and most industrial part of the island.
Thunder was a-coming when Reginald Eppes wake up at five in the morning. It is the weather forecast that he had checked. A violent storm was a-coming ,but it sound like hisn small town wouldn't ai hit too hard. But Eppes, a firefighter, done clear a-known the power of these huge storms from experiences. "Are y'all knowing where does the flashlights be?" he ask his wife. Danielle. Just then, thunder had been all-around them. The moment he had turned the flashlight on. The houses lights go off. A second later, the kitchen windows was a-broken. Eppes and Danielle run to theirn boys was still sleeping in theirn bedroom. "Get up, get up, R.J.! " Eppes shout, waving hisn flashlight. The sleepy boy move to the edge of the bed. Eppes hold out his and order his son arms for to jump. He had been too late. The roof was tore down. R.J. have been buried ,under the pieces. "I lost him," Eppes think. Quick, he hurry to to shield him Joel. Glass, woods, and plaster ( ) hitted them. Then something huge, heavy-might maybe the washing machine-knock into him. He had hurt his arms, but he still had held the flashlight in one hand. After a long period, the winds began die down. Eppes finded hisself standing in the his home ruins. Darkness lie all about him. Then he think he see a shape moving straight toward him. It had been R.J., a-guided home by the light of hisn father's flashlight. At the later, R.J. describe what-all had done a-happened him hospital. "I rush out when the wall start a-moving I was scared. Myn mom and dad have been went. It is my back , and something hit my neck really hard . that pieces of glass hit " R.J. had done been raised up into the air by the wind and drop back to the ground. Amazingly, R.J. have been not hurt bad. Of all hisn family, Eppes have been hurt most seriously.
(CNN) -- FBI agents on Friday night have searched the Maryland home of the suspect in the recent disappearance of an American woman in Aruba, an agent had said. The search is occurring in the Gaithersburg residence of Gary Giordano, which is currently being held in an Aruban jail, FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf have told CNN. Agents, wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes, arrived about 8:40 p.m. Friday. About 15 unmarked car could be seen on the , as well as a Montgomery County police vehicle street. Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini, at was at the residence, decline for to comment further on the search, a-citing the active investigations. Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein done said earlier Friday that the suspect is fixin to appear in court Monday, where an investigating could order him a-held for at least eight more days, are ordering him to remain on the island or are releasing him outright due to a lack of evidence. Giordano have been arrested by Aruban police on August 5, three day after Robyn Gardner have been last seen near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island. Giordano tell authorities that he had a-been snorkeling with Gardner when he signal to her to swim back, according to a statement. When he reach the beach, Gardner ain't nowhere for to be found, Giordano allegedly say. The area that lead authorities to is a rocky, unsightly location that say ain't a popular snorkeling spot. Although prosecutors continued to identify the 50-year-old American man by his initials, GVG, they also release a photo of a man as is appearing to be Giordano. Hisn attorney, Michael Lopez, also done said that hisn client is a-being held as a Gardner's death suspect. Lopez not returned telephone no calls seeking comment.
It is the most tea that which country is growing? The answer is India. It grows three times as much as China. Which country is drinking the most tea? It's neither China nor Japan. It's Great Britain. In the wild, teas plants may be 30 feet tall. But a plant a-grown for market is a-pruned. Pruning keeps the plant only three or four feet tall. This is an easy height for tea picking. Only the two top leafe and bud of each new shoot are a-picked. So for to make money, tea plantations must be huge. In general, there is two kinds of teas. Black teas and green teas. Black tea is fermented. In the process, the tea is losing nearly all of its healthy qualities. Green teas are a-steamed straight after the leaves are a-picked. Green teas _ itsn healthy qualities. For example, it is heart disease that it may prevent. How did we get tea bag? The answer: by accident. Tea merchants a-used send samples in tin boxes. This was costly. One merchant thought of a cheaper way. He send samples in small silk bags. Customers would cut are opening the bag. They might would brew the leaves as usual. One customer putted the bag into a pot. Then he just pour hot water over it. And the tea bag have been bore. Shen Nong was the first drink tea. (Shen had been a Chinese emperor.) This have been about 2737 B.C. Shen had had bad digestion. So it is several cups of hot water daily that he drink. One day something happen. Leaves from a wild teas tree fall into the hot waters pots. The next cup have been a-poured. The waters were now a-colored. It is it that shen sip. It is it that he like. He drink it all. Shen was proud of hisn new drink. It is it to his guests that he serve. Word had spread. People have thought this here way. Tea is good enough for the Emperor. So it must be good enough for the people. Tea become the drink of China.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The German news outlet Der Spiegel published photographs of what-all is appearing to be two U.S. soldier in Afghanistan a-posing over the bodies of dead Afghans -- images is threatening to further complicate the American military effort there. Two images are showing the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body have sprawled over a patch of sand and grass. A third is showing what-all is appearing be two body propped up, back to back, against a post in front of a military vehicle. Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes, are both a-facing charges a-relating to the wrongful deaths of Afghan civilians. Specifically, Holmes is a-charged with the a-premeditated deaths of three civilian, a-possessing a dismembered human finger, wrongfully a-possessing photographs of human casualties, and a-smoking hashish. He is also a-accused of a-conspiring with Morlock shoot at a civilian and then are tossing a grenade so it might would look like the soldiers was under attack. Morlock is charged with three counts of murder. He is a-accused of a-killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle; a-killing another in May 2010 in a similar manner; and a-shooting a third to deaths in February 2010. U.S. military rules also are prohibiting "a-taking or a-retaining individual souvenirs or trophies," which the photographs may be construed as. The trial for the two soldier is being conducted at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington. Morlock's court martial is a-slated begin Wednesday, while the start date for Holmes' court martial ain't a-been publicly a-announced.
(CNN)A chiseled boxer's Instagram feed shows him making constant references to the Bible and enjoying gospel singing with his wife. Another is featuring his formidable opponent a-counting stacks of money, a-hanging out in strip clubs, and a-flashing diamond watches and Ferraris. Are Welcoming to the world of a-boxing promotions, circa 2015. American Floyd Mayweather and Filipino Manny Pacquiao are set for to officially announce theirn heavily anticipated boxing match at a preses conference in Los Angeles Wednesday. With the combined purse for the May 2 bout in Las Vegas report to touch $300 million pending viewership number, the incentives to self-promote might could ain't more higher. "Nowadays y'all have for to be on social media for to launch the fight and for to build hype," says a-boxing promoter Nisse Sauerland, CEO of Team Sauerland. "It might couldn't ai done without it." Thirty-eight year old Mayweather (47-0, 26 knockouts), which is favoring the moniker "The Money Man" or "TBE" (The Best Ever), is boasting nearly five million Instagram followers, 5.65 million followers on Twitter and 9.2 million Facebook are liking. He famously confirm the fight via Shots, a photo sharing social media application that he's invested in, and are displaying links to hisn clothings brand, The Money Team, on all hisn accounts. Along with a-professing to the be the best fighter of all times, he could also stake a claim to be one of the greatest social media users in sports. "I think they're both playing theirn ," says Sauerland, promotes over 45 boxers roles. "Y'all got the bad guy and the good guy, really. Y'all got the guy which is throwing the money around (Mayweather), that's hisn image, and Pacquiao, he's the hope of a nation."
OCLC, currently a-incorporated as OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Incorporated, is an American nonprofit cooperative organization "a-dedicated to the public purposes of a-furthering access to the world's information and a-reducing information costs". It have been founded in 1967 as the Ohio College Library Center. OCLC and itsn member libraries cooperatively produce and maintain WorldCat, the most largest online public acceses catalog (OPAC) in the world. OCLC is funded mainly by the fees that does libraries have pay for its services (around $200 million annually ). OCLC had begun in 1967, as the Ohio College Library Center, through a collaboration of Ohio university presidents, vice presidents, and library directors had wanted to create a cooperative, computerized network for Ohio libraries. The group first meeted on July 5, 1967 on the campus of the Ohio State University to sign the articles of incorporation for the nonprofit organization. It is Frederick G. Kilgour , a former Yale University medical school librarian , to design the shared cataloging system that the group hire . Kilgour wish to merge the latest information storage and retrieval system of the time, the computer, with the oldest, the library. The plan was merge the catalogs of Ohio are librarying electronically through a computer network and database streamline operations, controls costs, and are increasing efficiencys in library managements. The goal of this here network and database had been to bring libraries together to cooperatively keep track of the world's information to best serve researchers and scholars. The first library for to do online cataloging through OCLC was the Alden Library at Ohio University on August 26, 1971. This have been the first occurrence of online a-cataloging by any library worldwide.
John: Here's a good shop. Might shall we buy mother's birthday present here? Mary: Yes, that's a good idea. Shall we go inside? Tom: No. Are Letting's are looking in the window. Might shall we buy her a sweater? Anne: Er, no. It'll soon be summer. Are Letting's are buying her a blouse wear. It's a nice one in the window. John: No, it is two blouses that she has. Let's buy a ring. Mary: Oh, no! They're diamonds rings. Are Looking at the price. The most cheapest is $15. John: A real diamond ring is at least $500.They only look like diamonds. Tom: Might shall we buy a table? It's only $15. Anne: It doesn't look good, just like a big box. Mum is liking chairs. Tom: But they ain't any here. Mary: What about a pen? So cheap! Only $10. John: She has a lot of pens and pencils. All of them are new. Tom: Oh, are looking here. These flowers are beautiful. Mary: They aren't real and will never die. John: And they're the cheapest of all these things. Yes, are letting's are buying them. Anne: All right.
Tommy was a little boy live by a big lake by the woods. One day he done saw two little mouse looking at the water. They seem very sad. "What-all is wrong?" Tommy ask. Mary, one of the little mice, stand. " me and my brother love to see new things. We want to see what-all is on the other the lake side. But we do not know how for to build a boat for to get there." Tommy smile. "I have plentys of toy boats," he say. "They are your size!" "Oh, are thanking y'all!" had said Steve, the other little mouse. "We would be very glad if we could borrow it!" Tommy had gone to his houses and have returned with a small toy boat. The boat had had a big sail make the boat go. Mary and Steve climb on and so Tommy putted the boat into the water. The boat sail away across the water! Mary and Steve laugh with joys and had great funs riding the toy boat. Soon, they reach the other side of the lake. Many people was a-having fun and a-splashing the water swimming. Steve and Mary love a-seeing all the new things and people. It is a ball into the water that a man throw. It land by the toy boat. The man's big dog camed splashing into the for to fetch it water. It is the little boat every which way that the big waves done splashed! Mary and Steve get very wet. Mary and Steve go back home after that. They tell Tommy of what-all they see, and they all laugh at the big dog's wave. Tomorrow the mice might would see even more of the lake on Tommy's toy boat!
A German taxi-driver, Franz Bussman, recently find his brother which was thought for to done been killed twenty year ago. While on a a-walking tour with hisn wife, he stop for to talk to a workman. After they done went on, Mrs. Bussman say that the workman was closely like hern husband and even suggest that he might be hisn brother. Franz had laughed at the idea, a-pointing out that hisn brother done been killed in actions during the war. Though Mrs. Busman know this quite well, she think there was a chance a million story that she might be right. A few days later, she send a boy to the workman to ask him if hisn name was Hans Bussman. Needless for to say, the man's name had been Hans Bussman. And he really was Franz's long-lost brother. When the brothers was a-reunited, Hans explain how did it be that he was still alive. After having a-been a-wondered towards the end of the war, he done a-been a-sent to hospital and was a-separated from hisn unit. The hospital done a-been a-bombed and Hans done a-made hisn way back into Western Germany on foot. Meanwhile, his unit was lost and so all records of him had done been destroyed. Hans return to hisn home, but still the houses had been bombed up. A-Guessing that hisn family had all been killed during an air-raid , Hans settle down in a village fifty mile away where had remained them ever since.
CHAPTER XXII Northward, along the leeward coast of Malaita, the _ Ariel_ worked her leisurely way, threading the colour-riotous lagoon that lay between the shore-reefs and outer-reefs, daring passages so narrow and coral-patched that Captain Winters averred each day added a thousand grey hairs to his head, and dropping anchor off every walled inlet of the outer reef and every mangrove swamp of the mainland that looked promising of cannibal life. For Harley and Villa Kennan was in no hurry. So long as the way was interesting, they dare not how long it prove from anywhere to anywhere. During these times Jerry learn a new name for hisself--or, rather, an entire series of names for hisself. This was because of an aversion on Harley Kennan's part against a-renaming a named thing. "A name he might must have done a-had," he argue to Villa. "Haggin might must done named him before he had sailed on the _Arangi_. Therefore, nameless he must be until we get back to and find out his real name Tulagi." "What-all's in a name?" Villa done began for to tease. "Everything," hern husband retort. "Are Thinking of , a-shipwrecked, a-called yourn rescuers yourself 'Mrs. Riggs,' or 'Mademoiselle de Maupin,' or just plain 'Topsy.' And think of me a-being a-called 'Benedict Arnold,' or ' Judas,' or . .. or . .. 'Haman.' No, keep him nameless, until we find out his original name." "Might must call him something," she object. "Can't think of without a-thinking something him." "Then call him many names, but never the same name twice. Call him 'Dog' to-day, and 'Mister Dog' to-morrow, and the next day something else."
Brownie and Spotty was neighbor dogs who meeted every day to play together. These here two love each other and play together so often that they done wore a path through the grass of the field between theirn respective houses. One evening, Brownie's family done noticed that Brownie ain't a-returned home. They wented a-looking for him with no success and by the next week he was still a-missing. Curiously, Spotty show up at Brownie's houses alone. Barking, whining and generally pestering Brownie's human family. Busy with their own , they just ignore the nervous little neighbor dog lives. Continuously,Ted, Brownie's owner, was disturbed by the angry, determine little dog. Spotty follow Ted about, a-barking insistently, then a-rushing toward a nearby empty lot and back, as if say, "Follow me! It's urgent!" Eventually, Ted follow Spotty to a deserted spot half a mile from the house. There Ted find hisn beloved Brownie alive, one of hisn hind legs crushed in a steel leghold trap. Horrified, Ted now wish he'd took Spotty's earlier appeals seriously. Then Ted notice something quite remarkable. Spotty had done more than simply led Brownie's human his trapped friend owner. In a circle around the injured dog, Ted find an array of dog food and table scraps which was later identified as the remains of every meal Spotty done been fed that week! Spotty had been a-visiting Brownie regularly, in the hope of a-keeping his friend alive by a-sacrificing his own comfort. Spotty had done evidently stayed with Brownie to protect him from hunger and other dangers, and are keeping his spirits up. Brownie's leg was treated by a veterinarian and so he recover. For many years thereafter, the two family watch the faithful friends chasing each other down that well worn path between theirn houses.
This is the story of a young girl and hern dog. The young girl and hern dog setted out a the woods trip one day. Upon entering the woods the girl and hern dog had found that the woods have been dark and cold. The girl was a little scared and was thinking of turning back, but yet they go on. The girl's dog was acting very interested in what-all was in the bushes up ahead. To both the girl and the dog's surprise, there have been a small brown bear a-resting in the bushes. The bear had been not surprised and are not seeming at all interested in the girl and her dog. The bear look up at the girl and it was almost as if he was a-smiling at her. He then had rested hisn head on hisn bear paws and have gone back to sleep. The girl and the dog keep a-walking and finally make it out of the woods. To no day the girl does know why the bear ain't so friendly and to no day she ain't a-told anyone about no meeting with the bear in the woods.
HOUSTON (AP) --- A 10-year-old boy fatally shoot his father Friday, striking him several times as he sit in the front seat of a SUV to pick up the boy from his mother's home for a weekend visit. The incident happen about 3pm on a cul-desac in the 1700 block of Cedar Cove Court, say Sgt. Williams of the Harris County Sheriff's Department. An investigation had found that Rick James Lohstroh, 41, have been shot by hisn son, was a-sitting in the back seat of the man's Toyota 4-Runner, had said Sgt. Williams. The shooting took place outside the home of Lohstroh's ex-wife, where the boy lives with his mother and a 7-year-old brother. "We ain't certain of anything until we finish ourn investigation," Williams say. "The information have at this is that the 10-year-old is firing the weapon time." The mother and the 7-year-old was inside the houses when the shooting occur, say Williams. Williams say the gun belong to the boy's mother. After firing shots through the back seat, it is the back of the vehicle and continued to fire at the car that the boy exited. The man die on the way to Memorial Herman Hospital. Lohstroh was a doctor at the University of Texas Medical Branch. The man and woman share custody of the children. Williams say the mother and the boy was still in the home talking to investigators Friday nights. Neighbors describe the family as being quiet and keeping to themselves. Justin Gray, 17, was a-walking in the when he hear gunshots neighborhood. "We had a suicide in this neighborhood once, but never anything like this," Gray had said.
CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE. WAITING. The lengthening sunny days goed on without bringing either what Did Romola most desire or what-all she most dreaded. It is no sign from Baldassarre , and , in spite of special watch on the part of the Government , no revelation of the suspected conspiracy that they bring . But they bringed other things touched her close, and bridged the phantom-crowded space of anxiety with active sympathy in immediate trial. They have brought the a-spreading and the Excommunication Savonarola Plague. Both these here events have tended for to arrest hern incipient alienation from the Frate, and for to rivet again hern attachment to the man had done opened to her the new life of duty, and who-all had seemed now for to be worsted in the fight for principle against profligacy. For Romola could not carry from no day to day into no abodes of pestilence and misery the sublime excitement of a gladness that, since such anguish exist, she too exist to make some of the anguish less bitter, without a-remembering that she owe this transcendent moral life to Fra Girolamo. She might could not witness no silencing and excommunication of a man whose distinction from the great mass of the clergy lay, not in any heretical belief, not in hisn superstitions, but in the energy with which seek make the Christian life a reality, without feeling herself drawn strongly to hisn side. Far on in the hot days of June the Excommunication, for some weeks had arrived from Rome, have been solemnly published in the Duomo. Romola had gone to witness the scene, that the resistance it had inspired might invigorate that there sympathy with Savonarola which had been one source of hern strength. It had been in memorable the scene contrast she had done been accustomed for to witness there.
Jenny's family live in a small apartment in Seattle. One day Jenny come home from school and so hern mom tell her that the family was moving to Utah. Jenny was sad to leave hern friends. Jenny had been sad for to leave hern schools. Jenny had helped her mom pack boxes and clean their apartment to get ready for the move. Soon the day come when Jenny's dad bring a large truck to the parking lot and so all of the family's things was put inside. Jenny and her mom ride in their car and her dad drive the truck towards Utah. Jenny love a-getting to eat lots of yummy fast food on the way. When the family get to theirn new home in Utah, Jenny help hern parents take all of the boxes into the houses. She love her new bedroom! When Jenny was emptying box of her toys, there was a knock at the door. It was a little girl at want Jenny to play! Jenny was fixin like Utah!
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Natasha Richardson, a films star, Tony-a-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting family, die Wednesday after a-suffering injuries in a ski accident, a-according to a family statement. She was 45. Natasha Richardson falled on a beginners' slope in Canada. Richardson, wife of actor Liam Neeson, was a-injured Monday in a fall on a ski slope at a Quebec resort about 80 miles northwest of Montreal. Richardson's family release a statement saying, "Liam Neeson, hisn sons, and the entire family are a-shocked and a-devastated by the tragic deaths of theirn beloved Natasha. They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and are asking for privacy during this here very difficult time." According to a statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort, Richardson had fallen during a lesson on a beginners' trail. Watch a Richardson's life report » "She is not showing any visible sign of injury, but still the ski patrol follow strict procedures and bring her back to the bottom of the slope and insist she might should see a doctor," the statement say. Richardson, accompanied by hern instructor, had returned to hern hotel, but about an hour after the fall ain't " a-feeling good," the statement had said. An ambulance have been called, and Richardson have been taken to a local hospital before being transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal. From there she was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. Friends and colleagues was saddened by her deaths. "Natasha was brilliant, beautiful, funny, talented beyond measure, as emotionally raw as she was razor sharp," say Jodie Foster, who work with Richardson in "Nell," in a statement. "Tasha had loved fiercely and that love is continuing in all of us which had known her. May Liam, her beautiful boys and her loving family hold her close as they move through this here tragic moment."
Peter had been a very sad puppy. He had a-been inside of the pet a very long time store. In facts, he had a-been there for three month! Peter done saw many other puppies are finding a ; he beginned for to wonder why could he not get one person. He thinked that might maybe his fur ain't pretty enough or might maybe his bark ain't loud enough. He tried and so tried for to please every person which comed to the store, but still they all picked smaller puppies. However, one day all of this changed. Sammie had come into the store a-looking for a golden puppy. She want a puppy might could snuggle with. It so happen that Peter was very sad and tired that there day. Sammie had come hold him. Peter want to show off hisn barks, but he was too tired. He fall straight sleep. Sammie had loved him at once and have loved a-holding him in her arms. Sammie take Peter home that there day, and so they make lots of fun memories.
Can y'all imagine a-keeping an alien a pet dog? This is what-all happens in CJ7--a wonderful movie made in China. Maybe some of y'all see it. It come out in January, 2008. The movie is about a poor man Ti, his son Dicky and their alien dog CJ7. It is a poor life with his father Ti , a worker that dicky , a 10 - year - old boy , is living . One day,his father is finding a ball in the trash and he is giving it to Dicky. The ball is becoming a cute alien dog. It's a small dog with big eyes and green hair. It might can talk and do magic. Soon the dog is coming to love Ti and hisn son. It is going to Dicky school. It makes him laugh, but still it makes trouble, too. When Ti is falling off a building and are dying, CJ7 is saving hisn life. Because the dog loses all itsn power , it becomes a doll. But Dicky still is wearing the dog around hisn neck. He is hoping that CJ7 might will come back to life one day.
(CNN) -- For Heather Neroy, it use for to be a tedious process: Whenever she came across an interesting arts-and-crafts project or recipe on the Internet, she would save it for later by copying the link, pasting it into an e-mail and sending it to herself. After that Neroy, a are staying-at-home mom from Southern California, might would file the e-mails in a folder for future reference. It ain't exactly the most efficient system. Then last year, during one of hern browsing sessions, she done read a blog post that gush about a new website a-called Pinterest. The virtual pinboard, where might can pin it and organize images onto individual "boards," didn't pique Neroy's interest at first, but she quick had changed hern mind. "Someone describe it as an online filing system, and so I think, 'That's exactly what I need,' " she say. Soon Neroy was pinning away and, like many Pinterest users, gotted quick hooked. She first start with a Halloween where pin costume ideas board. Next, Neroy create a shared color board for redecorating her daughter's bedroom that she and her husband might could add to. Pinterest also is allowing other users to follow each other's boards and "are ringare --ingpin" another person's images. In no times It is other people 's pins and following users with similar tastes that neroy was sharing . "It's been real neat see what-all other moms are a-pinning," she had said. "Some days y'all run out of ideas and y'all don't know what-all to do to fill the time before bedtime. I think it was fixin to be just me organizing, but it's really a community sharing all these different ideas didn't even know existed."
Chapter XVIII The Hound Restore On the third day after his arrival at the camp Archie receive orders for to prepare for to start with the hound, with the earl and a large party of men-at-arms, in search of Bruce. A traitor had just came in and have told them where Bruce had slept the nights before. Reluctantly Archie unfasten the chain from the pole, and holding the end in his hand go round with Hector to the front of the pavilion. He was resolved that if under the dog's guidance the party come close up with Bruce, he might would kill the dog and then try to escape by fleetness of foot, though of this, as it was so many mounted men in the party, he had but slight hope. A-Led by the peasant proceed to the hut, was five mile away in the hills. On a-reaching it Hector at once had become greatly excited. He sniff here and there, eagerly hunt up and down the cottage, then make a circuit is rounding it, and at last, with a loud deep bay he start off with hisn nose to the ground, a-pulling so hard at the chain that Archie had difficulty in a-keeping up with him. Pembroke and hisn knights ride a little behind, followed by theirn men-at-arms. "I am praying y'all, Sir Earl," Archie say, "are keeping not too close to myn traces, for no sound of the horse's hoofs and the jingling of the equipments are making him all the more impatient get forward, and even now it is taxing all myn strength hold him in."
Asuncion, Paraguay (CNN) -- Paraguay install new top military commanders, but President Fernando Lugo, which done a-ordered the change in leadership, ain't present for the ceremony. Lugo's absence Thursday morning attract attention a-given his administration's silence on the sudden change in the leadership of the country's army, air force and navy. The president's decision for to replace the top brass come a day after he publicly dismiss rumors about a military coup. Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz have been named as the new army commander. Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro and Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas take over the top posts at the air force and navy, respectively. The announcement come from the armed forces, not the president's office. Cibar Benitez, commander of the armed forces, had been the only top leader to retain his post. Other changes might would be forthcoming in the lower ranks, say Benitez at the swearing-in ceremony, but he deny it was any truth to talk of a coup. Paraguay's history is a-filled with unstable transitions of power since it emerge from dictatorship in 1989. Although there ain't ai no coup since no year, there was attempted coups in 1996 and 2000, and so President Raul Cubas resign amid controversy in 1999. The military shakeup is the third since Lugo take office. The former Catholic bishop was elected to a five-year term last year. His victory bring an end to six decades of one-party rule in Paraguay, but still the honeymoon did not last long. In April, Lugo admit that he father a child while he was still a priest and that he might may done fathered more. The revelation, which come as a shock to most, is hurting his political image. Calls for hisn resignation begin, and continued as Lugo struggled to push a majority-opposition legislature reforms.
A women wented shopping for a dress wear to hern party. She had asked hern parents to come along but hern dad had been busy. It is her and brought a pear to eat later on as a snack that her mom joined. They go to the first and the woman try a dress store. It had cut off right at the knee. She had liked the so much she had bought it dress. When they go back to their car they see a bug had done splashed on her window. They thinked nothing of it and wanted to go are eating breakfast since it was nine in the morning. Instead the restaurant was a-cooking peas. The mom ask the why they was cooking peas cashier. The cashier had said because it had been opposite day. The woman and her mom want to eat the and buy steaks peas as well. They was a-liking the peas and are steaking so much. After eating, they get a vanilla milkshake and go to more stores to shop for fun.
Buckinghamshire ( or ), abbreviated Bucks, is a county in South East England which is bordering Greater London to the south east, Berkshire to the souths, Oxfordshire to the wests, Northamptonshire to the north, Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the easts. Buckinghamshire is one of the home counties and towns such as High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham and the Chalfonts in the east and southeast of the county are parts of the London commuter belt, a-forming some of the most densely-populated parts of the county. Development in this here region is a-restricted by the Metropolitan Green Belt. Other large settlements are including the county town of Aylesbury, Marlow in the souths near the Thames and Princes Risborough in the wests near Oxford. Some areas without direct rail links to London, such as around the old county town of Buckingham and near Olney in the northeast, are much less populous. The largest town is Milton Keynes in the northeast, which with the surrounding area is a-administered as a unitary authority separately to the rest of Buckinghamshire. The remainder of the county is a-administered by Buckinghamshire County Council as a non-metropolitan county, and four district councils. In national , Buckinghamshire is considered a reliable supporter the Conservative Party elections.
Chapter 17: The Battle Of Moncontor. When Pierre had left him in order to look after the horses, Philip had continued his meal. There might could is no hurry, for Nevers was twelve mile away; and it might would be four hour, at least, before a party might could arrive. The landlady herself bring in the next course. After placing the dish upon the table, she had stood looking earnestly at him for a minutes, and then have said: "Y'all have spoken of stopping here tonight, sir. The accommodation is very poor and, if y'all is fixin to take myn advice, y'all is fixin to ride farther. There have is some men along here this afternoon, inquiring for a party like yours; and offering a reward to any which might would carry the news to them, might should y'all pass through. Methinks theirn intentions done were not friendly." "I am thanking y'all very much for yourn counsel," Philip say, "and might will take me it. I am knowing that it is some would gladly hinder me, in myn journey; and if it is, as y'all are saying, a risk of theirn a-coming here for me, it was as well that I ride farther, although I would gladly have done a-given myn horses a night's rest. I thank y'all warmly for a-having warned us." "Are not letting my husband is knowing that I spoke to y'all," she had said. "He is an honest man, but timid; and in these here days 'tis safest not to meddle with what-all is not concerning one." Philip had waited for two hour, and then have told Pierre for to saddle the horses, and are telling the landlord that he had wished for to speak to him.
Wiltshire ( or ) is a county in South West England with an area of. It is landlocked and are bordering the Dorset counties, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. The county town was originally Wilton, after which the county is named, but Wiltshire Council is now based in the county town of Trowbridge. Wiltshire is characterised by its high downland and wide valleys. Salisbury Plain is noted for a-being the location of the Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles and other ancient landmarks, and as a training area for the British Army. The city of Salisbury is notable for itsn mediaeval cathedral. Important country houses open to the public are including Longleat, near Warminster, and the National Trust's Stourhead, near Mere. The county, in the 9th century wrote as "Wiltunscir", later "Wiltonshire", is named after the former county town of Wilton. Wiltshire is notable for itsn pre-Roman archaeology. The Mesolithic, Neolithic and Bronze Age people that had occupied southern Britain have built settlements on the hills and downland that is covering Wiltshire. Stonehenge and Avebury are perhaps the most famous Neolithic sites in the UK. In the 6th and 7th centuries Wiltshire was at the western edge of Saxon Britain, as Cranborne Chase and the Somerset Levels prevent the advance to the west. The Battle of Bedwyn have been a-fought in 675 between Escuin, a West Saxon nobleman had a-seized the throne of Queen Saxburga, and King Wulfhere of Mercia. In the Danes invade the county 878. A-Following the Norman Conquest, large areas of the country come into the possession of the crown and the church.
Marsha is loving a-playing with hern noodle friend. She had it for a long time so it is now a dark brown color. When hern mom first make it, it was white. The night she meeted hern noodle friend was spaghetti night. Marsha's favorite dinner was spaghetti, happen to be every Tuesday nights. On one Tuesday, a piece of spaghetti fall on the kitchen floor. To Marsha, it had looked like a stick man so she had kept him. She name hern new noodle Joey and take him friend everywhere she go. Sometimes Joey gets a little dried out so Marsha's mom told her to soak him in water every few days. There was a couple time that the family dog, Mika, done tried take Joey from Marsha and eat him! So from now on, Marsha take extra special cares for to make sure Joey is safe and sound at all times. During the day she keeps him in a plastic bag in hern pocket. At night, it is him under her pillow that she puts. She is loving Joey and are wanting to always be friends with him.
CHAPTER XVII: MACHINATIONS "Baby born to woe." F. T. PALGRAVE. When Anne Woodford beginned wake from the constant thoughts of the griefs and horrors had done a-left at Portchester, and feel more alive to hern surroundings and less as if they was a kind of dream, in which only mechanically taked hern part, one thing impressed itself on her gradually, and that was disappointment. If the previous shock ain't a-blunted all hern hopes and aspirations, perhaps she would have a-felt it sooner and more keenly; but still she could not help a-realising that she had a-put herself into an inferior position whence there did is to ain't the promotions had once a-anticipated. Her companion rockers was of an inferior grade to herself. Jane Humphreys was a harmless but silly girl, not much more wiser, though less spoiled, than poor little Madam, and full of Cockney vulgarities. Education was unfashionable just then, and though Hester Bridgeman was bettor born and breed, a-being the daughter of an attorney in the city, she was much better instructed, and ain't no pursuits except that of hern own advantage. Pauline Dunord was by far the best of the three, but she seem to live a life apart, a-taking very little interests in her companions or anything around her except her devotions and the a-bringing them over to her Church. The nursery was quite a separate establishment; it was no mingling with the guests of royalty, which was only saw in excited peeps from the window, or when solemnly introduce to the presence chamber to pay their respects to the Prince. As to books, the only secular one that see while at Whitehall was an odd volume of Parthenissa. The late King's summary of the Roman controversy was to be a-had in plenty, and nothing ain't more evident than that the only road to favour or promotion was in being thereby a-convinced.
CHAPTER III TOM'S JOKE "What did you do to him?" asked Sam, quickly. "Are Putting an advertisement of pills on hisn back and some other ads. in hisn text books," answer Tom. "Say, he looks some mad; doesn't he?" "I should say yes," come from Stanley. William Philander was approaching with long strides. In one hand he hold the poster Tom done fastened on his back, and so he was shaking his other fist wrathfully. "Tom Rover, you've--er--insulted me!" he gasp as he come up. "Y'all humiliated me before the whole class! I'll--I'll----" The dudish student was so full of wrath he might could not speak. "Take a cough drop and clear yourn throat Billy," suggest Tom, coolly. "Don't get so excited, y'all might drop dead from heart disease." "How are daring y'all put that--er--that there advertisement of Gumley's Red Pills on my back?" have stormed the stylishly-a-dressed one. "'Gumley's Red Pills for Red-Blooded ,'" quote Spud, the poster People. "Say, they are fine, Willie. Aren't y'all ever taking 'em?" "No, and I amn't wanting for to. I want Tom Ro----" "Say, if you haven't taken any of Gumley's pills you don't know what you've missed," went on Spud, with a wink at the others. "Why, there have been a man over in Rottenberg as had been flat on hisn back with half a dozen fatal diseases. The doctors gave him just three days to live,--three days, think of it! Hisn wife nearly cry hern eyes out. Then along came this Gumley man with a trunk full of his Red Pills for Red-Blooded People. He didn't exactly know if the dying man was red-blooded or not, but he took a chance and gave the fellow sixteen pills, four after breakfast, four after dinner, four after supper and four on retiring, and the next day, what do you think happened? That man getted up and goed to work, and he's been at his Job ever since."
Brendan loves cats. He owns 8 cat. He has 7 girl cats and only 1 boy cat. Brendan brushes the cats' hairs every day. He is making sure for to feed every morning and evening and always are checking for to see if the cats have water them. Sometimes he is feeding them special treats because he is loving them. Each cat gets 3 treats. He isn't giving them no food like chips and cake and might candy, because those there foods ain't good for cats. He is liking for to play with the cats. The cats are liking chase balls of paper that is making for them. Some of hisn cats have orange furs, some have black furs, some are spotted and one is white. The white cat is Brendan's favorite. She is the first cat own. Hern name is Snowball. When he first get Snowball she was a kitten. His other cats are a-named Fluffy, Salem, Jackie, Cola, Snickers, Pumpkin and Whiskers.
CHAPTER XXXIV Arthur remained at the gate while Ruth climbed Maria's front steps. She had heard the rapid click of the type-writer, and when Martin had let her in, have found him on the last page of a manuscript. She done came make certain whether or he would ain't at theirn table for Thanksgiving dinner; but before she could broach the subject plunge into the one with which was full. "Here, are letting us is reading y'all this," he had cried, separating the carbon copies and running the pages of manuscript into shape. "It's my most latest, and different from anything 've did. It is so altogether different that I am almost afraid of it, and yet I've a sneaking me idea it is good. Y'all be judge. It's an Hawaiian story. I called it 'Wiki-wiki.'" Hisn face was bright with the creative glow, though she shiver in the cold room and had done a-been a-struck by the coldness of hisn hands at greeting. She listen close while he read, and though he from times to times done seen only disapprobation in her face, at the close he asked:- "Frankly, what are y'all thinking of it?" "I--I don't know," she, answered. "Might will it--do y'all think it might will sell?" "I ain't afraid ," have been the confession. "It's too strong for the magazines. But it's true, on myn word it's true." "But why are y'all persisting in writing such things when y'all are knowing they won't sell?" she goed on inexorably. "The reason for yourn writing is to make a living, ain't it?"
(CNN)Formula One star Fernando Alonso returned to work at McLaren on Wednesday following his freak accident in winter testing. The Spanish double world champion was ruled out of the opening race in Australia by doctors treating him for the effects of a high speed crash. Alonso has been a-training hard for his planned comeback at the Malaysian Grand Prix in nine day' times and use the McLaren simulator to hone his mental preparations. The CNN-a-sponsored team announce the news on Twitter, showing McLaren sporting director Eric Boullier and Alonso at the team's headquarters in Woking, England. Alonso have been a-concussed and a-airlifted to hospital after a-losing control of his McLaren at the penultimate winter test at Barcelona's Circuit de Catalunya on February 22. The 33-year-old watch the Melbourne race from hisn home in Dubai after doctors indicate returning to racing three weeks after a high impacts were too risky. McLaren had done explained that Alonso's "accident have been caused by the unpredictably gusty winds at that there part of the circuit at that there time." After a-getting back to race preparation in the simulator, McLaren tweet that it had been a good day for Alonso, "a-focusing on operational works and a-practicing qualifying and race procedures." The media enjoy a a-guessing game in Australia about just how Alonso might have done a-reacted to events in Melbourne, where Lewis and hisn mighty Mercedes a-dominated while Alonso's McLaren teammate Jenson Button finish in last place. Dane Kevin Magnussen, was deputizing for the recuperating Spaniard, was unable for to start the race because of engine problems on hisn way to the starting grid.
CHAPTER V. MESSRS. TREAT, JONES, WESTON & DOWD. The particular circle of societys in which and Johnny had moved have been shook to its very centre by the newses which have been whispered from one to the other on the day after those there young gentlemen and Paul done took up their abode at Mrs. Green's. Early that morning the most exciting topic of conversation had been Master Spry's misfortune and Tim Dooley's perfidy; and that done hardly began for to be commented upon when the news spreaded that Ben and Johnny, since the coming of their guest, which was evidently a suspicious sort of a person, as was showed by his clothes and his entire ignorance of the slang of the street, was no longer proud of their neat little bit of real estate, but done made a change which might would probably be the means of their financial ruin. That they had a-been so extravagant as engage rooms at a regular boarding-house, where was spend theirn substance on three square meal each day, seem like a reckless disregard of money; and so the price which was pay for board was a-stated at various sums from five ten dollar per week. But that ain't the only bit of wonderful news. Jimmy Sullivan state--and so he was supported by several others as the time wear on--that Johnny himself had done told him that they was to start a regular theatre, and had done already engaged a hall, which would be converted it into a first-class place of amusement as soon as possible. This would have done been regarded simply as a rumor start for the purpose of a-injuring the credit of these here young gentlemen, had it come so straight from one of the parties concerned, and must therefore ain't true.
Ryan and Adam love for to play basketballs. They are liking better soccer it and baseball. Theirn other friend, Jared, has hisn own basketballs hoop. He get it for hisn ninth birthday. Ryan get a football for hisn birthday and Adam get a skateboard. They are liking their presents, but are thinking the basketball hoop is better. They play basketball at Jared's house with him and any other kids which show up. Alex and Brady is coming almost every day and Josh, Ty, and so Max is coming sometimes. Next year, they all get for to play on a basketball team. They get to play at theirn school. They are very excited about that and might cann't wait for to play on a real team. For now, they a-practicing a lot and a-tryna get real good. They play every day they might can. They are a-trying for to be as good as the NBA players they watch on TV. They dream of someday a-playing in the NBA. They are sure it is a-going for to happen.
Are Seaning the like the color green dragon. He didn't like golden coins. They was too yellow. Every day he might would go out and find green things to cover hisn bed of old treasure. He would put grases and clovers and leaves and vines all over hisn cave. The other dragons was worried. When y'all are breathing fire, it ain't a good idea sleep around a lot of plants. They was afraid Sean might get hurt. Sean isn't thinking so but hisn bed never stay green and he was getting tired of doing but making hisn bed nothing. One day he goed visit his friend Zarah and so he seed a piece of green in a golden necklace. "What-all's that?" he ask. "That's a green stone," it is him that she tell. "Sometimes myn treasures have them. I amn't really liking them. They're too green. I am liking yellow things." "If I am bringing y'all yellow things, might can It is it ? that i have " Sean ask. "Yes y'all might can," Zarah had said, "But it might gotta be treasure, or things that might won't catch no fire." So Sean go go find treasure. When he was went Zarah tell the other dragons. They say that they would trade all theirn green treasure to Sean too so he could have a safe dragon bed in hisn cave. Soon Sean had had more than enough green stones cover hisn bed. Green stones never get old and brown. They don't catch no fire either. So, now everyone was happy.
CHAPTER XII "Throw your coat down anywhere, Miss Baldwin," Wingate invited, as he ushered that young lady into his rooms soon after eleven o'clock on the following evening. "Now what might can I give y'all? It is some sandwiches here--ham and pâté-de-foie-gras, I think. Whisky and sodas or some hock?" "A pâté sandwich and some plain sodas waters, please," Sarah had replied, taking off the long motoring had concealed hern evenings clothes coat. "I have a-been a-fined for everything except disorderly driving--daren't risk that. Thanks!" she go on. "What-all a-ripping sandwiches! And quite a good play, ain't it?" "I am glad y'all enjoy it." "It had been a swindle Josephine not turning it up," Sarah had continued, as she had stretched herself out in Wingate's easy-chair. "Domestic ructions again, I am supposing. How It is that husband of hers ! that i do hate " "It was disappointing," he admit. There was a brief pause, during which finish hern sandwiches and light a cigarette. "Wilshaw is seeming be having a little trouble with the outside porter," hern host remark presently. "It must cost him at least half a sovereign every time I am leaving the cab," Sarah sigh. "How much are y'all making a week out of your driving, if it ain't too personal a question?" he enquire. "It is depending upon how much Jimmy's getted." "Is he yourn only client, then?" "He very seldom gives me a chance of another. Once or twice I've a-refused to be a-engaged by the day, but still he sends his man around to the garage and so I find him a-sitting in the cab when I arrive."
Pope Benedict XVI (; ; ; born Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger; ; born 16 April 1927) served as Pope from 2005 until his resignation in 2013. Benedict's election occur in the 2005 papal conclave that follow the death of Pope John Paul II. Since hisn resignation, It is the title Pope Emeritus that benedict is holding. Ordained as a priest in 1951 in hisn native Bavaria, It is himself as a highly regarded university theologian by the late 1950s and was appointed a full professor in 1958 that ratzinger establish. After a long career as an academic and professor of theology at several German universities, he have been a-appointed Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal by Pope Paul VI in 1977, an unusual promotion for someone with little pastoral experience. In 1981, he have been appointed Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, one of the most important dicasteries of the Roman Curia. From 2002 until his election as Pope, he was also Dean of the College of Cardinals. Prior to becoming Pope, he was "a major figure on the Vatican stage for a quarter of a century"; he had an influence "second to none when it come to setting churchs priorities and directions" as one of John Paul II's closest confidants.
CHAPTER X CAUGHT IN A STORM "Did y'all ever know this here Wilbur Poole, Dad?" question Ben. "Yes, I meet years ago Aaron Poole's home him. But of course he had been in his right mind then. Poor chap! I am pitying him very much." "I think we all pity him," answer Dave. "Can't nobody be responsible after hisn mind breaks down." "I am feeling sorry for Nat Poole and hisn folks," had said Laura. "This finna give them a great deal of trouble, not to mention no expense." "If Wilbur Poole was anywhere around Rayville it might pay to start a hunt for him," suggest Roger. "I amn't thinking y'all might will find him anywhere around here," answer Mr. Basswood. "But it might won't hurt take a look around, if y'all boys care take a walk." Ben's father go off to send his telegram to Aaron Poole, and all the boys a-set off on a hunt for the wild man. It is the streets of the village and some of the roads on the outskirts , but without success that they have covered . They meeted three person at had done talked to the strange individual, and from what-all had done passed Dave and hisn chums was sure that the man might must have been Wilbur Poole. "I am guessing we might will have for to give it up," had said Phil, when was getting late. "I'm tired out. And remember, fellows, we have a hard ride before us -morrow if we expect reach Carpen Falls in time hit the trail for Bear Camp before it gets dark."
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives, including psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology. Within all of these here perspectives, adolescence is a-viewed as a transitional period between childhood and adulthood, whose-all cultural purpose is the preparation of children for adult roles. It is a period of multiple transitions a-involving education, training, employment and unemployment, as well as transitions from one a-living circumstance to another. Puberty occurs through a long process and begins with a surge in hormone production, in turn causes a number of physical changes. It is the stage of life a-characterized by the appearance and development of secondary sex characteristics (for example, a deeper voice and larger adam's apple in boys, and development of breasts and more curved and prominent hips in girls) and a strong shift in hormonal balance towards an adult state. This is a-triggered by the pituitary gland, is secreting a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream, initiating a chain reaction to occur. The male and female gonads are subsequently activated, which puts them into a state of rapid growth and development; it is the mass production of the necessary chemicals that the triggered gonads now commence. It is testosterone , and the ovaries predominantly dispense estrogen that the testes primarily release . The production of these here hormones is increasing gradually until sexual maturation is met. Some boys might may develop gynecomastia due to an imbalance of sex hormones, tissue responsiveness or obesity.
CHAPTER XX. Moving against Captain Grady Both Paul and Chet Winthrop was deeply interested in the words uttered by Jeff Jones, the colored member of the horse thieves' gang. "So y'all are knowing something of Captain Grady and our uncle, Barnaby Winthrop?" cry Chet, excitedly. "What-all do y'all know?" "Dat's fer y'all two feller ter is finding out--are onlessing yer are lettingare 'ssing me go," reply Jeff Jones, suggestively. "Y'all are meaning y'all might won't speak unless we are granting y'all yourn liberty?" a-put in Paul. "Dat's de way figure it." Paul look at Chet inquiringly. "We might cann't promise anything until Mr. Dottery gets back," say Chet. "But if y'all know anything about ourn uncle y'all had better speak out, if y'all wish us do anything at all for y'all." "I won't say a ," growl the colored man word. Chet bit hisn lip in vexation. "Aren't you knowing what-all does it be have us able speak a you word?" say Paul. "Supposing we done let Jack Blowfen is taking y'all over to the next camp and are telling the men that y'all are a downright horse thief? Would y'all fancy that?" Jeff Jones begin to tremble. He know what-all Paul mean--that he might would be lynched inside the hour. In that section of the country, at that time, horse stealing was considered almost as bad as murder. "No! no! doan letted him is taking me down ter de Fork!" howl Jeff Jones. "Anyt'ing but dat, boys!" "Well, y'all, had better talk, then," return Paul, severely. "I doan know much, but I'll tell yo' all I do know," said the prisoner, after a short pause, "and yo' is ter do de best yo' can fo' me, promise me dat?"
The Federal City of Bonn () is a city on the banks of the Rhine in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, with a population of over 300,000. About south-southeast of Cologne, Bonn is in the southernmost part of the Rhine-Ruhr region, Germany's most largest metropolitan area, with over 11 million inhabitant. Together with the capital Berlin, the city is the "de facto" joint seat of government of Germany. Bonn is the secondary seat of the President, the Chancellor, the Bundesrat and the primary seat of six federal government ministry and twenty federal authority. The title of Federal City () reflects itsn important political status within Germany. Founded in the 1st century BC as a Roman settlement, Bonn is one of Germany's oldest cities. From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne, and residence of the Archbishops and Prince-electors of Cologne. Composer Ludwig van Beethoven have been bore in Bonn in 1770. From 1949 to 1990, Bonn was the provisional capital ("temporary seat of the Federal institutions") of West Germany, and Germany's present constitution, the Basic Law, was a-declared in the city in 1949. From 1990 to 1999, Bonn serve as the seat of government – but no longer capital – of reunited Germany.
CHAPTER II. ON A MOUNTAIN PATH "Armed men, myn lords!" had been Fanfulla's cry. "We are betrayed!" They look at one another with stern eyes, and so with that grimness that takes the place which might would hold it in meaner souls. Then Aquila had risen slow to hisn feet, and with him have risen the others, a-looking to theirn weapons. He soft breathe a name--"Masuccio Torri." "Aye," had cried Lodi bitterly, "might would that we had a-heeded yourn warning! Masuccio it finna be, and at hisn heels hisn fifty mercenary." "Not less, I might will swear, by the them sound," say Ferrabraccio. "And we but six, without ourn harness." "Seven," the Count laconically amend, resuming his hat and loosening his sword in its scabbard. "Not so, myn lord," exclaim Lodi, a-laying a the Count's arm hand. "Y'all might must not stay with us. Y'all are our only hope--the only hope of Babbiano. If we are indeed betrayed--though by what-all infernal means I know not--and they have knowledges that six traitors meet here to-nights conspire against the throne of Gian Maria, at least, I might will swear, it is not known that y'all was done met us. Hisn Highness might may conjecture, but still he might cannot know for sure, and so if y'all but are escaping, all might may yet he well--saving with us, which is mattering not. Go, myn lord! Are Remembering your promise to seek at your cousin's hand the gonfalon, and may God and His blessed Saints prosper your Excellency." The old man had caught the young man's hand, and a-bending hisn head until hisn face have been hid in hisn long white hair, he had imprinted a kiss of fealty upon it. But Aquila ain't so easily to be dismissed.
CHAPTER XVII. DEFEAT. A grey dimness was a-creeping in upon the schooner when a little bitter breeze had sprung up from westwards, and Dampier bade them get the mainsail on to her. "I amn't liking no look of the weathers, and so I'm beginning feel that I might would like see that boat," he say. "Anyhow, we might will get way on her." It had been a relief to hoist the mainsail. The work had put a little warmth into them, and the white men, at least, had a-been conscious of a growing uneasiness about their comrades in the boat. The breeze done, however, freshened before they setted it, and there was white caps on the water when the _Selache_ head for the ice. It done somewhat changed itsn formation when they have approached it, for big masses done became detached from it and was moving out into the open waters, while the opening done became perceptibly more narrower. The light was now fading rapidly, and Wyllard take the wheel when Dampier send the man there forward. "Get the cover off the second boat, and are seeing everything clear for hoisting out," he say to him, and then call to Wyllard. "We're close enough. Y'all'd better heave hern round." She comed round with a thrashing of canvas, stretched out seawards, and comed back again with her deck sharp a-slanted and little puffs of bitter spray blowing over her weather rail, for there was no doubt that the breeze was freshening fast. Then Dampier send a man up into the foremast shrouds, and look at Wyllard afterwards.
Multimedia are contents that use a combinations of different contents forms such as texts, audios, images, animations, videos and interactive contents. Multimedia is contrasting with media that is using only rudimentary computer displays such as texts-only or traditional forms of printed or hand-produced materials. Multimedia can be recorded and played, displayed, interacted with or accessed by information content processing devices, such as computerized and electronic devices, but can also be part of a live performance. Multimedia devices are electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia contents. Multimedia is distinguished from mixed media in fine art; for example, by including audios it have a broader scopes. The term "rich media" is synonymous with interactive multimedia. The term "multimedia" was a-coined by singer and artist Bob Goldstein (later 'Bobb Goldsteinn') to promote the July 1966 opening of hisn "LightWorks at L'Oursin" show at Southampton, Long Island. Goldstein was perhaps aware of an American artist a-named Dick Higgins, had two year previously discuss a new approach to art-a-making call "intermedia". On August 10, 1966, Richard Albarino of "Variety" borrow the terminology, reporting: "Brainchild of songscribe-comic Bob ('Washington Square') Goldstein, the 'Lightworks' is the latest "multi-media" musics-cum-visuals for to debut as discothèque fare." Two year later, in 1968, the term "multimedia" had been re-appropriated to describe the work of a political consultant, David Sawyer, the husband of Iris Sawyer—one of Goldstein's producers at L'Oursin.
CHAPTER XXVIII. A MEETING. About a week after the dissolution of the Crooked Creek Company, Harry was riding over from Hetertown, and done nearly reached the creek on his way home, when he had met George Purvis. This was theirn first meeting since theirn fight, for George had been away on a visit to some relatives in Richmond. When Harry seed George a-riding slow toward him, he feeled very much embarrassed, and very much annoyed because he was embarrassed. How should he meet George? What-all should it is ; or should he say anything that he say? He did not want to appear anxious to "make up" with him, nor did he want to seem as if he born malice toward him. If he only know how George feel about it! As it was, he wish he done stopped somewhere on the road. He had done thought of stopping at the mill--why had had he not? That would just done gave George times pass. Both boys appear to be riding as slow as their horses would consent to go, and so yet when they meet, Harry ain't half made up his mind what-all would he say, or how he should say it, or whether it would be better or not to say anything. "Hello, George!" say he, quite unpremeditatedly. "Hello!" had said George, a-reining in hisn horse "Where are y'all a-going?" "A-Going home," say Harry, also a-stopping in the road. Thus the quarrel come to an end. "So y'all sold the telegraph?" say George. "Yes," say Harry. "And I think we make a pretty good bargain. I amn't thinking we might would do so well when we start."
A team of British surgeons done carried out Gaza's first organ transplants for a long-term plan to train local medical staff to perform the operations. It is kidney transplants at the Shifa , Gaza 's biggest public hospital that two patients undergo . The operations was conducted a fortnight ago by a volunteer medical the Royal Liverpool hospital team. Ziad Matouk, 42, was bore with one kidney and was diagnosed with renal failure several years ago. Matouk, whose donate one of her kidneys, hopes for to return to his job within six month. The couple had sought a transplant in Cairo, but was rejected as unsuitable at a state hospital and might could not afford no fee at a private hospital. "We have been desperate," had said Matouk. The UK-Gaza link-up begin about a year ago after Abdelkader Hammad, a doctor at the Royal Liverpool hospital, was contacted by an anaesthetist at the Shifa, which outline the difficulties the Gaza hospital was facing with dialysis. The Shifa is forced to rely on generators because of powers cuts; spare parts for its ageing dialysis machines was difficult to import; and supplies of consumables are often scarce. After an exploratory trip last April, Hammad---whose is Palestinian---and three colleagues from Liverpool done arrived in Gaza via Egypt last month, a-bringing specialist equipment. Two patient was selected for surgery. The first, Mohammed Duhair, 42, receive a kidney a-donated by his younger brother in a six-hour operation. Two day later, Matouk receive a transplant after hisn wife, Nadia, 36, was found be a good match. The surgeon was a-carried out by the British team, a-assisted by doctors and nurses from the Shifa. "We are very satisfied with the results," say Sobbi Skaik, head of surgery at the Gaza hospital. Are Skaiking is hoping that Gaza medical teams finna eventually carry out kidney transplants independently, and that other organ transplants may follow. The Shifa is a-working with the Gaza ministry of health on a plan to train itsn doctors, surgeons, nursing staff and laboratory technicians in transplant surgery at the Royal Liverpool. "Funding is a problem," say Hammad. "In the meantimes we'll go back as volunteers to Gaza for the next couple of years for to do more transplants." The Liverpool team's next visit is scheduled for May.
While y'all in trouble, what-all y'all finna do? What-all? Cry? Or escape? Them are all the wrong way! Robinson Crusoe can tell y'all the right answer! It is an exciting story: Robinson Crusoe hate the comfortable life in hisn home town. So, he want be a seaman and traveled around the world. But one day, a terrible thing had happened. A great storm come and theirn boat crash! No one had been alive in this here accident except Robinson. He was the luckiest man in the world--Because all his friends was dead but he was alive. However, at the same time he was the most _ man of all--He must face the fact .Alone on an island without food, water or gun!But, all roads lead to Rome!He just used his hands to work hard!Then, he made a cave, built a house, grew corn and kept goats. In the end, it is the life on the island that he might could enjoy. In hisn twenty-fourth year on the island, he save a wild man, and give him the name of "Friday". With Robinson's teaching, "Friday" become a good servant. Friday, they done got a boat and escaped from the island. Surely, the writer of Robinson Crusoe is really a hero! It's too hard for to describe Robinson with words. We could say that Robinson was very clever, and also he was brave,... Certainly, too many good words might can describe him. But now, I am thinking it ain't important. However, the most important thing is what-all we learned from the story. That is, are using ourn own hands to work hard with confidence!
CHAPTER VI.—LEO ASSERTS HIS RIGHTS. At once it is the pair that a crowd of performers surround. Very few of them like Jack Snipper, and they wonder what-all Leo might would do might should the gymnast attack the boy. “Are Calling me a braggart, might will y'all!” a-roared Snipper. “Aren’t y'all daring to touch that there club me!” have replied Leo calmly. “Imight ’ll teach y'all a lesson!” And, a-swinging the Indian club over his head, It is a savage blow at the young gymnast that jack Snipper make. Had the stick struck Leo the boy’s head would have done a-sustained a severe injury. But as quick as a flash Leo have dodged, and the Indian club merely had circled through the empty air. “For shame, Snipper!” “Are y'all wanting to kill the boy?” “What harm he did?” And so the cries have run on. “Mind your own affairs!” shouted the maddened gymnast. “I’m finna teach the boy a lesson!” Again he spring at Leo. But now suddenly the Indian club have been caught. A dexterous twist, and it go flying out of reach across the dressing tent. Then, before Snipper could recover, he receive a stinging slap full in the face send him a-staggering backward on the grass. A shout of approval go up. “Good for Leo!” “Thatis ’ssing right, boy, are standing up for yourn rights!” The shout bring Adam Lambert, the general manager, to the scene. No sooner done he appeared than all the performers walk away. It was against the rules to fight, and every one present was liable to a heavy fine.
Discogs, short for discographies, is a website and crowdsourced database of information about audio recordings, a-including commercial releases, promotional releases, and bootleg or off-label releases. The Discogs servers, currently a-hosted under the domain name discogs.com, are a-owned by Zink Media, Inc., and are a-located in Portland, Oregon, US. While the site lists releases in all genres and on all formats, it is especially a-known as the largest online database of electronic music releases, and of releases on vinyl media. Discogs currently are containing over 8 million releases, by nearly 4.9 million artists, across over 1 million labels, contribute from nearly 346,000 contributor user accounts—with these here figures constantly a-growing as users continually are adding previously unlisted releases to the site over time. The discogs.com domain name was registered on 30 August 2000, and so Discogs itself was launched in November 2000 by programmer, DJ, and music fan Kevin Lewandowski originally as a database of electronic music. He was inspired by the succeses of community-built sites such as Slashdot, eBay, and Open Directory Project, and decide to use this here model for a musics discography database. The site's original goal had been build the most comprehensive database of electronic musics, organized around the artists, labels, and releases available in that genre. In 2003 the Discogs system was completely a-rewritten, and in January 2004 it begin to support other genres, a-starting with hip hop. Since then, it has done expanded to include rock and jazz in January 2005 and funk/soul, Latin, and reggae in October of the same year. In January 2006 blue and non-musics (e.g. comedy records, field recordings, interviews) have been added. Classical musics started a-being a-supported in June 2007, and in October 2007 the "final genres was a-turned on" – a-adding support for the Stage & Screen, Brass & Military, Children's, and Folk, World, & Country musics genres, a-allowing captures of virtually every single types of audio recording that done ever a-been a-released.
Zen () is a school of Mahayana Buddhism that originate in China during the Tang dynasty as Chan Buddhism. Zen schools were strongly influenced by Taoism and developed as a distinct schools of Chinese Buddhism. From China, Chan Buddhism spread south to Vietnam, northeast to Korea and east to Japan, where it becamed knew as Japanese Zen. The term Zen is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word 禪 (Chan) which is tracing itsn roots to the Indian practice of Dhyana ("meditation"). Zen is emphasizing rigorous self-control, meditation-practice, insight into Buddha-nature, and the personal expression of this here insight in daily life, especially for the benefit of others. As such, it de-emphasize mere knowledges of sutras and doctrine and favor direct understandings through zazen and interaction with an accomplished teacher. The teachings of Zen are including various sources of Mahayana think, especially Yogachara, the Tathāgatagarbha sūtras and the Huayan schools, with theirn emphasis on Buddha-natures, totality, and the Bodhisattva-ideal. The Prajñāpāramitā literature and, to a lesser extent, Madhyamaka also were influential in the shaping of the "paradoxical language" of the Zen-tradition. The word "Zen" is derived from the Japanese pronunciation of the Middle Chinese word 禪 () (pinyin: "Chán"), which in turn is derived it from the Sanskrit word "dhyāna" (ध्यान ), which might can be approximately translated it as "absorption" or "meditative state".
CHAPTER III. THE ROMAN BARONS A-Having driven Charles VIII out of Italy, it still remain for the allies remove all traces of hisn passage from Naples and restore the rule of the House of Aragon. In this they had the aid of Ferdinand and Isabella, at sended an army under the command of that there distinguished soldier Gonzalo de Cordoba, known in his day as the Great Captain. He landed in Calabria in the spring of 1496, and so war broken out afresh through that already sorely a-devastated land. The Spaniards was a-joined by the a-allied forces of Venice and the Church under the condotta of the Marquis Gonzaga of Mantua, the leader of the Italians at Fornovo. Lodovico done detached hisself from the league, and again make terms with France for his own safety's sake. But his cousin, Giovanni Sforza, Tyrant of Pesaro--the husband of Lucrezia Borgia--had continued in the pontifical army at the head of a condotta of 600 lance. Another command in the same ranks was one of 700 lance under the youthful Giuffredo Borgia, now Prince of Squillace and the husband of Doña Sancia of Aragon, a lady of real loose morals, at had done brought to Rome the habits acquired in the licentiousest Court of that there licentious age. The French had lost Naples even more easy than they done conquered it, and by July 7 Ferdinand II have been able reenter his capital and reascend his throne. D'Aubigny, the French general, withdraw to France, whilst Montpensier, the Viceroy, retire to Pozzuoli, where die in the following year.
(CNN) -- Before she had been a princess, she had been a child - shy but affectionate, respectful but mischievous. Diana Spencer, shown on her first birthday, grow up at Park House, a countrys estate leased from the royal family. Ten year after the death of Princess Diana, two woman help raise the future princess a-providing a new, intimate portrait of the girl might would become the "People's Princess." Diana Frances Spencer was born into a life of privilege. She grow up at Park House, a country home leased from the royal family's Sandringham estate in Norfolk, England. Her parents, Johnnie and Frances Spencer, was well-knew members of the English aristocracy. Inge Crane had come to Park House as an au pair when Diana had been just 3 year old. "There's always is something special about Park House. It's difficult for to put a finger on what-all it is," she say in hern first interview, given exclusively to CNN. Life at the houses ain't entirely normal -- the queen's estate had been about a mile away, and the young Princes Andrew and Edward (Diana's future in-laws) frequently had visited to swim in the pool. When the butler would ring the gong for dinner, the children would rush to the stairs, slide down the wooden banister and run into the dining rooms. Despite growing up in the shadows of royalty, Crane and Mary Clarke, Diana's nanny starting at age 9, describe an "ordinary" childhood for Diana, a tomboy which love going outdoors, climbing trees and playing with animals.
Janet done walked past the barn, the big tree, and through the back yard to reach the chicken pen. Janet gather the eggs from the chicken pen, so that hern father might could make scrambled eggs for breakfast. He might would need at least 5 egg for the meal, two for Janet and three for hisself. Janet could only find four egg in the chicken pen. She look under every chicken, and in every nest, but could not find no egg. She place the four eggs in hern basket, and begin to walk toward the house, when she hear a quacking sound. She go toward the sound and find a nest near the pond, with large brown eggs inside. "Quack" say a nearby duck, as Janet take an the nest egg. Now she had enough for breakfast.
CHAPTER XXIX A QUESTION OF TITLE It was as if each person who had doubted Sam's honesty felt it necessary to call at Mrs. Byram's and congratulate him upon what now appeared to be good proof of his innocence. Fred and the miners also come in for theirn share of attention, and so even Bill, what's was a-paining him severely, join hisn partners in a-celebrating theirn victory, now seem certain. Before a-returning home Mr. Hunter called to consult with his clients relative to a-making a stock company of the new mine, and, when he leaved, it was with full authority to do whatever he believed their interests demanded. Among the visitors in the evening was Donovan, and he had no hesitation in a-calling himself very severe names for a-having been so stupid as think it possible hisn old friends could done been engaged in any questionable transaction. "The cashier is about as sore a man as might can be found in town," he had said, "an' if I ain't way off in my reckonin' he might will be lookin' for another job might mighty soon." "Is he saying us anything?" Bill ask. "He's glum as a fish. Every feller goes in wants know where Does Gus be, an' he keeps out of all sight 's possible." " y'all saw Mr. Wright to-day?" "No; but I heared he an' that lawyer of yours had a long chin about the business. Say, Bill, by the times y'all get out of this here scrape y'all might will owe a pretty penny for laws, I reckon. Why don't y'all try to make the company pay it?"
GERALD Christian is in Grade 8 at Ridge Road Middle School in North Carolina, US. She is a member of her school basketball team. Late last month, the 14-year-old done faced a big problem. Hern mother lose hern job. She think she couldn't pay the $ 50 the city's sports meet fee this here year. Christian ain't the only one as had this here problem. It is the same problem that some other middle school players in the city have had. That's why famous NBA player Michael Jordan had given $ 250, 000 to the city earlier this here month. He want for to help the poor students. Jordan had said: "I am knowing it is kids get an education by playing sports. We are needing keep sports alive for them." Christian was _. "Real? I can't believe Michael had done that for us. These days, I go to bed thinking about it and I wake up thinking about it," she say. "Now the problem is over. " Christian want to say "thanks" to Jordan. "Michael, are thanking y'all for a-giving me the chance to show myself. I is fixin to do my best at the meet.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- How are the elements of the charming, traditional romantic comedy "The Proposal" like the checklist of a charming, traditional bride? Are Letting me is counting the ways ... Ryan Reynolds are wondering if a-marrying hisn , Sandra Bullock, is a good thing "The Proposal boss." Something old: The story of a haughty woman and an exasperated man at is hating each other -- until they are realizing they are loving each other -- is proudly square, in the tradition of rom-coms from the 1940s and '50s. Or is it straight out of Shakespeare's 1590s? Sandra Bullock is the shrew, Margaret, a pitiless, high-powered New York book editor first seen a-multitasking in the midst of hern aerobic workout (thus y'all are knowing she is needing get ... loved). Ryan Reynolds is Andrew, her put-upon foil of an executive assistant, a younger man who accepts abuse as a media-industry hazing ritual. And there the two might would remain, a-locked in mutual disdain, except for Margaret's fatal flaw -- she's Canadian. (So is "X-Men's" Wolverine; I think ourn neighbors to the north was supposed to be nice.) Margaret, with hern visa expire, faces deportation and makes the snap executive decision to marry Andrew in a green-card wedding. It's an offer the might cann't refuse it if he is wanting to keep his job. (A sexual-harassment lawsuit might would ruin the movie's mood.) OK, he is saying. But first comes a visit to the groom-for to-be's family in Alaska. Amusing complications are ensuing. Something new: The chemical energy between Bullock and Reynolds is fresh and irresistible. In hern mid-40s, Bullock finessed hern dewy America's Sweetheart comedy skills to a mature, pearly texture; she's lovable both as an uptight careerist in a pencil skirt and stilettos, and as a lonely lady in a a-flapping plaid bathrobe.
Height above average terrain (HAAT) (or less popularly, EHAAT, Effective Height Above Average Terrain) is a measure of how high an antenna site is above the surrounding landscape. HAAT is used extensively in FM radio and television, as it is more important than effective radiated power (ERP) in determining the range of broadcasts (VHF and UHF in particular, as they are line of sight transmissions). For international coordination, it is officially a-measured in meters, even by the Federal Communications Commission in the United States, as Canada and Mexico have extensive border zones where stations might can be a-received on either side of the international boundaries. Stations want to increase above a certain HAAT must reduce theirn power accordingly, a-based on the maximum distance theirn station class is a-allowed to cover (see List of North American broadcast station classes for more information on this). The FCC procedure for to calculate HAAT is: from the proposed or actual antenna site, either 12 or 16 radial was drew, and so are pointing at 2, 4, 6, 8, and radius along each radial was used. The entire radial graph could be rotated achieve the most best the station effect. The altitude of the antenna , minus the average altitude all the specified points site, is the HAAT. This can create some unusual cases, particularly in mountainous regions—it is possible for to have a negative number for HAAT (the transmitter would ain't located underground, but rather in a valley, with hills on both sides taller than the transmitter itself, for no example).
Fort Lauderdale, Florida (CNN) -- Just taking a sip of water or walking to the bathroom is excruciatingly painful for 15-year-old Michael Brewer, who was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire, allegedly by a group of teenagers. "It is hurting myn heart for to see him in pain, but still it is enlightening at the same time for to know myn son is strong enough for to make it through on a daily basis," hisn mother, Valerie Brewer, tell CNN on Wednesday. Brewer and her husband, Michael Brewer, Sr., spoke to CNN's Tony Harris, a day after a 13-year-old boy who witnessed last month's attack publicly read a written statement: "I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family," Jeremy Jarvis said. "I is fixin to pray for Mikey for to grow stronger every day and for Mikey's speedy recovery." Jarvis' older brother done been charged in the October 12 Deerfield Beach attack, Florida. When a-asked about the teen's statement, Valerie Brewer -- which is knowing the Jarvis family -- say she "might cann't focus on that." "I would really like for to stay away from that because that is bringing negative energy to me and I amn't needing that right now," she say. Hern son remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center. He suffered second- and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body, according to the hospital's associate director, Dr. Carl Schulman. The teen is facing a lifelong recovery from hisn injuries, Schulman tell CNN's Harris.
Paris (CNN) -- French officials Tuesday done condemned an Israeli airstrike on Gaza wounded its consul, his wife and their daughter, a-calling on Israel for to avoid civilian casualties. "France strongly is deploring the consequences of this airs strike," a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Paris announce. "While France is committed to security in Israel, it is reaffirming the imperative need avoid attacks on civilians. This here imperative have been a-reaffirmed to the Israeli authorities." The consul, Majdi Shakoura, had been at home with hisn family in the northern end of Gaza when the airstrike had hit about 200 meter (650 feet) away, the Foreign Ministry had said. The strike had blown out their windows, and they have been struck by shards of a-flying glass, the ministry had said. Capt. Aryeh Shalikar, an Israeli military spokesman, told CNN the airstrike was aimed at Palestinian militants who fired a rocket into southern Israel late Sunday. Shalikar say the Israel Defense Forces "never receive any official statement from no source" regarding injuries to Shakoura or his relatives. "The IDF wishes for to convey that missiles are a-being fired at Israeli civilians from terrorists, and it has no intention of a-harming civilians when it return fires at terrorists," he say. Palestinian security and medical officials say one person die and so several others was wounded in the airstrike, say strike a Hamas naval building in northern Gaza. A Hamas security official say two Israeli rocket strike the building. France has a consulate and a cultural center in Gaza "for to support the population," the Foreign Ministry say. France helped are building waters and sewer systems and are rebuilding hospitals in Gaza, which is ruled by the Islamic movements Hamas.
Windows 8 have introduced major changes to the operating system's platform and user interface to improve itsn user experiences on tablets, where was now competing them with mobile operating systems, including Android and iOS. In particular, these changes include a touch-optimized Windows shell based on Microsoft's "Metro" design language, the Start screen ( is displaying programs and dynamically updated content on a grid of tiles), a new platform for developing apps with an emphasis on touchscreen input, integration with online services (including the ability sync apps and settings between devices), and Windows Store, an online store for downloading and purchasing new software. Are Windowing 8 added support for USB 3.0, Advanced Format hard drives, near field communications, and cloud computing. Additional security features was a-introduced, such as a-built-in antivirus software, integration with Microsoft SmartScreen a-phishing filtering service and support for UEFI Secure Boot on a-supported devices with UEFI firmware, for to prevent malware from a-infecting the boot process.
(CNN)The widow of the man whose life was portrayed in the acclaimed film "American Sniper" has penned a heartfelt letter to him on their 13th anniversary. Taya Kyle had posted hern letter March 16 on the Chris Kyle Facebook page, where she had proclaimed, "I miss y'all and I love y'all. I am feeling y'all in myn hearts and souls so strongly. I am more blessed to have been yourn wife than anything else in myn life." "Today, It is a choice that i have. I can bury myselves under the covers and are acknowledging the pain of a-missing y'all and are mourning the future anniversaries without y'all," she had written. "Or, I might can celebrate ain't no day without y'all in my heart because y'all love me enough leave me a lifetime of memories and beauty." Kyle, a Navy SEAL, has done been credited as the most successful United States military history sniper. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Kyle in this here winter's film "American Sniper," which was based it on Kyle's bestselling autobiography. The film, directed by Clint Eastwood, done become the highest-grossing war movie ever. Why 'American Sniper' is a smash a-hit Kyle and hisn friend Chad Littlefield was a-shot and a-killed at a gun range in 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh. A Texas jury find Routh guilty of capital murder in February, and so he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Jury is finding Eddie Ray Routh guilty in 'American Sniper' case
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo is finding theirselves a-fighting it out for FIFA's Ballon d'Or award once again -- but still the contest between the world's two highest-profile footballer isn't only a-being a-played out on the pitchs. Bayern Munich's German international goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was the other player on the three-man shortlist reveal Monday, with Ronaldo the overwhelming favorite to take the award. Which is meaning it is no sign of Barcelona's Messi and Real Madrid poster boy Ronaldo's domination of the back pages a-ending any time soon. Both are so globally knew that that theirn every Facebook posting is worth thousands of dollars for brands associated with the two player, while the allure of theirn names is helping are shifting any and every product with which they are associated it. But who is the marketablest? Is it Messi, the newly-crowned all-times La Liga top scorer? Or is it Ronaldo, the current Ballon d'Or holder and a man seemingly able score goals at might will, no matter what the competition? Sports marketing research company Repucom examine 15 different markets, a-ranging from Spain to the U.S., and find that Portugal skipper Ronaldo is the better-known of the two: 92% are knowing of him, while 87% heard of Messi. The figures also show that the same number of men know about Messi as women know about Ronaldo -- 91%. They reveal that Ronaldo sells more effectively, with 86% of those questioned regarding the ex-Manchester United man as "an influential brand spokesman." "Cristiano Ronaldo dominates in terms of his overall marketability -- largely because of the consistently high levels of awareneses people have of him around the world, whilst Messi has a greater proportion of people do know of him a-saying they like him," say Repucom's global head of researchs Mike Wragg.
Anthropology is the study of humans and theirn societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which is describing the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which is investigating the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which is concerning long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history. It is : The American Anthropological Association in 1902 , the Anthropological Society of Madrid ( 1865 ) , the Anthropological Society of Vienna ( 1870 ) , the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology ( 1871 ) , and many others subsequently that similar organizations in other countries have followed . The majority of these was evolutionist. One notable exception had been the Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, knew for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists. Not religious hisself, he had insisted that Darwin's conclusions have lacked empirical foundation.
It's finally the weekend of and I get me to dress up my lion costume Halloween. Halloween is myn favorite holiday because I really am liking might candy and love a-dressing up. Last year I done was a ghost, but this here year I am a lion. Myn little brother is dressed like a dinosaur and so he keeps chewing on everything. He is only 3 years old so I guess that is okay. Hisn name is Todd and hisn favorite holiday is hisn birthday but I amn't thinking he is knowing much about any of them. Myn dad is loving and myn Mom really is liking Thanksgiving Christmas. But I love Halloween. We gotta wait for myn dad to come home from work so we can go out and trick-or-treat. While we waiting my are cooking us dinner mommy. She wants us eat good food before we spoil ourn dinner with all the might candy we are a-going get. I might cann't wait go to my friend Kevin's house. Hisn parents give the best and give us extra candy since Kevin is myn friend. I think Kevin said he was going to dress up like a pirate but I don't remember. I amn't thinking pirates ai very cool, but I amn't telling that Kevin. I am thinking I am hearing my dad coming up the stairs. Tonight is fixin be the most best Halloween ever.
Billy go to the farm buy some beef for hisn brother's birthday. When he arrive there he see that all six of the cows was sad and had brown spots. The cows was all a-eating theirn a big grassy meadow breakfast. He thinked that the spots looked very strange so he goed closer to the cows to get a better look. When he get more closer he also see that there was five white chicken a-sitting on the fence. The fence have been painted blue and have had some dirty black spots on it. Billy wonder where the dirty spots done came. Soon he had gotten close to the chickens and so they have gotten scared. All five chickens fly away and go for to eat some food. After Billy getted a good look at the cows goed to the farmer to buy some beef. The farmer give him four pound of beef for ten dollar. Billy had thought that it had been a good deal so he had gone home and have cooked his brother dinner. Hisn brother had been very happy with the dinner. Billy's mom had been also very happy.
(EW.com ) -- When last we saw Olivia Pope, she was flying off into the sunset (or maybe just flying off) with Jake by her sideâ€”leaving behind a broken Fitz, who'd just lost his son and realized some horrible things about his father. D.C. now rests in the hands of Olivia's own father, once again take over B-613. So it is the team when season four starts up that what awaits? How about a new face? EW done confirmed that "Arrested Development" star Portia de Rossi is fixin to join "Scandal's" fourth a multiple-episode arc season. Ellen DeGeneres first announce the news on Twitter, a-bragging about hern wife's "top secret" storyline. Might could the words "top secret" mean de Rossi is a part of Papa Pope's B-613 army? We might will find out Thursday, Sept. 25 at 9 , when is returning ABC p.m.. ABC fall premiere dates announced: 'Scandal' returns Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights a-reserved.
CHAPTER XX A BLIZZARD A bitter wind search the poplar bluff where George and his hired man, Grierson, was cutting fuel. Except in the river valleys, trees of any size are scarce on the prairie, but the slender trunks and leafless branches was close massed and afford a little shelter. Outside on the open waste, the cold was almost too severe to face, and George once or twice glanced anxiously across the snowy levels, looking for some sign of Edgar, which might should have done joined them with the team and sledge. It had been, however, difficult to see far, because a gray dimness narrowed in the horizon. George stand, dressed in snow-flecked furs, in the center of a little clearing strewn with rows of fallen trunks from which he was hewing off the branches. The work was hard; hisn whole body strain with each stroke of the heavy ax, but it fail to keep him warm, and the wind was a-growing more bitter with the approach of night. "I don't know what-all might can be a-keeping West," he say after a while. "We n't saw mail-no carrier either, and so heai two hour late; but still he might must have done ai a heavy trail all the way from the settlement. I am expecting he'll cut out our place and are making straight for Grant's. We might will have snow before long." It was an empty shack not far away where, by George's consent, the mail-carrier leaved letters when bad weather maked it desirable to shorten hisn round. Grierson nod as he glance about. The stretch of desolate white prairie had done contracted since he had done last noticed it, the a-surrounding dimness was a-creeping nearer in, and the ranks of poplar trunks was a-losing theirn sharpness of form. Now that the men done ceased chopping, it is the eerie moaning of the wind and the sharp patter of icy snow - dust among the withered brush that they could hear .
CHAPTER VIII. BRUCE AND THE WAR OF INDEPENDENCEs. The position towards France of Edward I. make it real more desirable for him that Scotland might should be independent and friendly, than half subdued and hostile to hisn rule. While she done was hostile, England, in a-attacking France, always leave an enemy in hern rear. But Edward suppose that by clemency to all the Scottish leaders except Wallace, by a-giving them great appointments and a-trusting them fully, and by a-calling them to hisn Parliament in London, he could combine England and Scotland in affectionate union. He repair the ruins of war in Scotland; he begin to study hern laws and customs; he hastily run up for her a new constitution, and appoint hisn nephew, John of Brittany, as governor. But he done overlooked two facts: the Scottish clergy, from the most highest to the most lowest, was irreconcilably opposed to union with England; and the most greatest and most warlike of the Scottish nobles, if not patriotic, was fickle and insatiably ambitious. It is hard to reckon how often Robert Bruce done turned his coat, and how often the Bishop of St Andrews done took the oath to Edward. Both men was in Edward's favour in June 1304, but in that there month they make against him a treasonable secret covenant. Through 1305 Bruce prosper in Edward's service, on February 10, 1306, Edward was a-conferring on him a new favour, little guessing that Bruce, after some negotiation with his old rival, the Red Comyn, had done a-slain him (an uncle of his was also a-butchered) before the high altar of the Church of the Franciscans in Dumfries. Apparently Bruce had done tried to enlist Comyn in his conspiracy, and had done found him recalcitrant, or have feared that he would be treacherous (February 10, 1306).
Are Lunaing the hawk want some socks. It was the middle of winters and a-sitting on tree branches maked her feet very cold. Luna hope that hern friends could help her is finding some socks. She fly to the old maple tree where Olive the owl live. "Olive, may I please borrow a pair of yourn socks?" she ask. Olive the owl look surprised. "Luna, It is no use for socks because my legs and toes have thick feathers that i have. Are Going are visiting one of the animals is walking on four leg. They might have extra socks could borrow." Luna had flown across the field and have landed next to the icy creek. Rise the raccoon was a-teaching her six baby how wash their paws. The water had been very cold, but the babies was a-having fun. "Rose, my bare legs and bare toes are so cold, may I please borrow a pair of your socks?" have begged Luna. Rose laugh hard. "Silly Luna, I do ain't no socks. Are Looking at myn legs and feet. They are covered with thick, warm fur. I'm sorry I might cannot help me y'all. Are Going are visiting the humans. Sometimes I am tipping over theirn garbage cans at night when I am looking for food. Once I have seen a pair of socks." Luna had been very afraid of humans. Hern grandmother and mother had warned them her. She have been a-told that some humans are are meaning and are hurting hawks. Hern feet was so cold that it was difficult to grip tree branches. She become brave. She fly to the the big hill farmhouse. When she land on the roof, she could not believe hern eyes. It is socks that she had seen! In late autumn, Henrietta the human had done put laundry outside for to dry and so she had done forgot for to bring in one tiny pair of socks. The socks was a-hanging on the clothesline by two wooden pin. Luna use her powerful beak break the pins. She putted on the socks and then flown back to hern home in the huge tree. When she land, her feet was warm and dry. Luna had been very happy.
When myn father was dying, I travel a thousand mile from home to be with him in hisn last days. It was far more heartbreaking than I might would expected, one of the most difficult and painful times in myn life. After he pass away I stay alone in hisn apartment. It was so many things deal with. It all seem endless. I have been lonely. I have hated the the apartment silence. But one evenings the silences were a-broken: I hear crying outside. I open the door to find a little cat on the steps. He was thin and poor. He look the way feel. I have brought him inside and have given him a might can of fishs. It is it and then almost immediately fell sound asleep that he ate. The next morning I check with neighbors and learn that the cat had been abandoned by his owner as's moved them out. So the little cat had been there all alone, just like I have been. As I have walked back to the apartment, I have tried for to figure out what-all for to do with him. A-Having else take care something of seem _ But as soon as I open the apartment he came running and jump myn arms door. It was clear from that there moment that he had no intention of a-going anywhere. I have started a-calling him Willis, in honor of my father's most best friend. From then on, things have grown more easier. With Willis in my lap times seem to pass much more quick. When the time finally comed for me for to return home I had for to decide what-all for to do about Willis. There was absolutely no way would leave without him. It's now been five year since myn father die. Over the years, several people commented on how nice it was of me to rescue the cat. But I know that we rescue each other. I may have done given him a home but still he give us something greater.
Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia (Slovene: , abbr.: "RS"), is a nation state a-located in the southern Central Europe, variously a-classified as part of Eastern and Southern Europe. The country is located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It is bordered by Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Hungary to the northeast, Croatia to the south and southeast, and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest. It covers and has a 2.06 million population. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations, European Union, and NATO. The capital and largest city is Ljubljana. The territory is mostly mountainous with a mainly continental climate, with the exception of the Slovene Littoral that has a sub-Mediterranean climate and the north-western area that has an Alpine climate. Additionally, the Dinaric Alps and the Pannonian Plain meet on the territory of Slovenia. The country, marked by a significant biological diversity, is one of the most water-rich in Europe, with a dense river network, a rich aquifer system, and significant karst underground is watercoursing. Over half of the is a-covered forest territory. The human settlement of Slovenia is a-dispersed and uneven. Slovenia has historically a-been the crossroads of West Slavic, South Slavic, Germanic, Romance, and Hungarian languages and culture. Although the population ain't homogeneous, the majority is Slovene. South Slavic language Slovene is the official language throughout the countrys. Slovenia are a largely secularized countrys, but itsn culture and identity done been significantly influenced by Catholicism as well as Lutheranism. The economy of Slovenia is small, open, and export-oriented and has been strongly influenced by international conditions. It has done been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis, have started in the late 2000s. The main economic field is services, followed by industry and construction.
CHAPTER XII. TRANSFORMATION ' Well, now for the second stage of ourn guardianship!' say Aunt Ada, as the two sister sit over the fires after Valetta had done gone to bed. 'Fergus are coming back to-morrow, and Gillian---when?' 'She does seem quite certain, for there ain't for to be a day or two at Brompton with this here delightful Geraldine, so that she may see hern grandmother---also Mr. Clement Underwood's church, and the Merchant of Venice---an odd mixture of ecclesiastics and dissipations.' 'I wonder whether she might will be a-set up by it.' 'So do I! They are all remarkably good people; but then good people are sometimes spoiling the most of all, for they are too unselfish snub. And on the other , a-seeing the world sometimes has the wholesome effect hand of a-making one is feeling small---' 'My dear Jenny!' 'Oh! I am not meaning y'all, as ain't easy effaced them; but still I was thinking of youthful bumptiousness, fostered by countrys life and elder sistership.' 'Certainly, though Valetta is real much improved, Gillian not were as pleasant as I expect, especially during the latter part of the time.' 'Query, was it her fault or mine, or the worry of the examination, or all three?' 'Perhaps y'all did superintend a little too much at first. More than modern independence was prepared for, though I should ain't expected no recalcitration in a young Lily; but still I think there was more ruffling of temper and more reserve me than I can quite understand.' 'It has ain't a success. As dear old Lily might would have done said, "Myn dream has done vanished," of a friend in the younger generation, and now it remains do the most best I might can for her in the few weeks that are left, before we have hern dear mother again.'
CHAPTER V--CLIPSTONE FRIENDS "What idle progeny succeed To chase the rolling circle's speed, Or urge the flying ball. "--GRAY. The afternoons at Clipstone were a succeses. Gillian was at home, and every one find congeners. Lady Merrifield's sister, Miss Mohun, pounced upon Miss Prescott as a coadjutor in the alphabet of good works needed in the neglected district of Arnscombe, where Mr. Earl had been wifeless, and the farm ladies heedless; but they have been interrupted by Mysie running up to claim Miss Prescott for a game at croquet. "Uncle Redgie was so glad for to see the hoops to come into fashion again," and Vera and Paula hardly know the game, they had done always played at lawn tennis; but they was delighted for to learn, for Uncle Redgie prove for to be a very fine-a-looking retired General, and it was a lad besides, grown to manly height; and one boy, at home for Easter, which, a-caring not for croquet, go with Primrose for to exhibit to Thekla the tame menagerie, where a mungoose, called of course Raki raki, was the last acquisition. She was also a-shown the kittens of the beloved Begum, and a-presented with Phoebus, a tabby with a wise face and a head a-marked like a Greek lyre, for to be a-transplanted to the Goyle in due time. "If Sister is fixin to let me to have it," say Thekla. "Of course she might will," had said Primrose. "Mysie says she is so jolly." "Dear me! all the girls at ourn schools say she was a regular Old Maid." "What-all shocking bad form!" exclaim Primrose. "Just like cads of girls," muttered Fergus, unheard; for Thekla continued--"Why, they said she must be our maiden aunt, instead of our sister."
(CNN) -- American journalist Michael Scott Moore, a-held for more than two years by Somali pirates, done a-been a-freed, It is CNN on Tuesday that moore 's family and a Somali official tell. "We are just elated," Marlis Saunders, Moore's mother, say in a brief conversations. "It take a lot of work for us to get this here point. And hear he is free -- just joyful, I might cann't describe it." "All this is just so new," say Saunders, is living in Redondo Beach, California. "I did ain't much times for to talk with him. We just have a things lot for to do and so I might cannot talk anymore. It is a little time to evaluate all this . that we are needing " The governor of Somalia's Mudug region, Ahmed Muse, had told CNN that local elders have negotiated Moore's release, a-adding that the journalist is "physically and mentally" wore out. Moore had boarded a plane at an airport in Galkayo, in the north-central part of Somalia, Muse had said. Muse would not say where the journalist is headed. "I'm absolutely thrilled," say Michel Todd, at was Moore's web editor at Pacific Standard magazine. "It's like seeing somebody to come back from the dead. It's a marvelous resurrection." Todd say Moore was a weekly freelance columnist who write often about Somalia. He had been researching Somali pirates. "As a news , we have wanted to write his capture organization," Todd had said. "But we had been encouraged by the FBI and State Department for to (not) write about it because this would hurt hisn cause. They say, if y'all really care about the guy, that ain't a good idea, a-raising hisn profile might would make hisn release more difficult."
Once upon a time there was a boy monster named Jerry which live in a train car at the railroad tracks. He done lived there all his life. Jerry's mother have been named Marge, and she had been 36. Marge had raised Jerry at the railroad tracks because she had wanted to keep him safe. She had been afraid of the people had lived in the town near. The town was named Qarth, and so 100 person live there. Marge believe that the people of might would attack them Qarth if they know they was there. Qarth use for to be filled with factories when Jerry was bore. By the time Jerry was a teenager, most of the factories done went away and so most of the people work on special new machines. They have eaten food from the fields outside of town. Their favorite food for to eat had been a special kind of corn. They didn't eat no meat because nobody raise farm no animals. One day when he was 11, Jerry ask his mother who-all had his father been. His father's name was George, and he was 2 year older than Marge. Marge look sad and tell Jerry that George done left after he was bore because the people in the town aren't liking him. This make Jerry very sad. He go off to his corner of the car and didn't talk to Marge again until she go to bed. After she falled asleep he wanted go out and look for his father. He pack some food and leave. When Marge wake up she was upset, but she think she know where had he went.
Endemism is the ecological state of a species being unique to a defined geographic location, such as an island, nation, country or other defined zone, or habitat type; organisms are indigenous to a place isn't endemic to it if they are also found elsewhere. The extreme opposite of endemism is cosmopolitan distribution. An alternative term for a species is endemic is precinctive, which is applying to species (and subspecific categories) that are restricted to a defined geographical area. The word "endemic" is from New Latin "", Greek ενδήμος endēmicus, "endēmos", "native". "Endēmos" is formed of "" meaning "in", and "dēmos" meaning "the people en". The term "precinctive" has done been suggested by some scientists, and have been first used in botanys by MacCaughey in 1917. It is the equivalent of "endemism". "Precinction" have been perhaps first used by Frank and McCoy. "Precinctive" seems for to have been coined by David Sharp when describing the Hawaiian fauna in 1900: "It is the word precinctive in the sense of ' confined to the area under discussion ' that i use ... 'precinctive forms' are meaning those forms that are confined to the area specified." That definition is excluding artificial confinement of examples by humans in far-off botanical gardens or zoological parks. Physical, climatic, and biological factors can contribute to endemism. The orange-breasted sunbird is exclusively found in the fynbos vegetation southwestern South Africa zone. The glacier bear is found only in limited places in Southeast Alaska. Political factors can play a if a species is protected, or actively hunted, one jurisdiction part but not another.
Bob had had a son that have been named them John. John own the only red dog. There have been a blue dog a-named Jim. The red dog was a-named Woof. John's mother and Bob's wife was named Gail. They all live in a tree. It was a family down the street. They have been a couple named Frank and Francine. Bob hate his neighbors. One day Bob go to Frank's house and throw toilet paper all over hisn trees. Frank getted back at by a-stealing hisn son's dog Bob. This is how the long fight between Frank and Bob begin. It last for ten year until Bob pass away from a bad heart attack. Frank know he need for to say sorry to Bob's wife for the years of trouble. So Frank did apologize to Bob's wife. After this everything had been great between the two families for the rest of theirn days on these Earths.
Jamie and hisn friends is loving a-playing baseballs. They are playing in the park every morning. One summer morning they done lost the baseball. Jamie and hisn friend Joe go to the store. It is two baseballs that they have bought. They also buy colas for the other kids. They spend ten dollar. Jamie and Joe go back to the park. His friend Mike had drunk his and have gone bat cola. Mike hit a home run and round the bases. All of Jamie's friends cheer very loud. The sun had been very bright and Jamie had had an idea. Jamie and his friends go to the town pool and are swamming that there afternoon. They meeted Sally and Jessica at the pool. They also meet the pool Jenny. The lifeguard had made them put their sandals, watches and hats by the fence. Jamie goed home after swimming. He had been very tired. He goed to are sleeping but done had a lot of fun that there day.
Myn summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usded 2 go 2 NY 2C myn bro, hisn GF & thr3:-@ kids FTF. ILNY, it's gr8. Might can y'all understand this here sentence? If y'all can't, aren't feeling too bad; neither could the middle school teacher in England receive this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communications found on Internets or cell phones. To new comers, it might can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the translation of the sentence above? Myn summer holidays was a complete waste of time. Before, we use for to go to New York for to see myn brother, hisn girlfriend, and so theirn three a-screaming kids face to face. It is New York that i am loving. It's great. School teachers and parents are saying this new form of writing is a-harming the English language. A-Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be saw in students' writing. They are fearing the language might could become corrupted. "Everyone might should just relax", are saying linguists. They believe Netspeak is in more a good thing fact. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, is arguing that Netspeak and Internet is creating a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, has done been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg, from Stanford University, is agreeing. "People get better at writing by writing," he is saying. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents." Linguist James are saying, for centuries, it is a-believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And y'all can _ that when today's teenagers are becoming tomorrow's parents. They too is fixin to think this here way. James are arguing that languages do not and might cannot become corrupted. They simply change to meet the new needs. However, Netspeakers are agreeing that it is important teach young how speak and are writing standard English people. Cynthia McVey is saying, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to theirn pupils that does text messaging be for fun, but learning to write proper English is a must for theirn future." Perhaps we might should give teenagers a little more trusts anyway. Erin, aged 12, is saying, "I wouldn't use text no language in myn homework. Texting is just for fun. "
Andy never want to go to time bed. Hisn parents done explained to him how important it had been go to bed early and get a good rest. But still Andy pay no attention to them, and so they aren't knowing what-all to do until one weekend when they was a-visiting Andy's grandparents. Grandpa Peter heard all about it and said, "This sounds like a job for Tubby." So Andy's parents load the cat onto the car and return home. That there night, at bedtime, the same problem had happened. Andy didn't want for to go to bed, and even though hisn parents wait a while for to see if Tubby would solve the problem, nothing happen. [:++Z+X+X+K] Hours later, Andy finally decided to go to bed. But what a surprise when he enter hisn bedroom! Tubby was in hisn bed, totally a-sprawling out, pot-belly in the air, and _ like an express train. Andy try move the cat, but there was no way of moving him an inch. That night he hardly had slept, a-lying on one tiny corner of his bed. The next day the same thing done happened, even though Andy was much more tired from not having a-slept well. When the third day arrive, he had done understood that if he want for to sleep in hisn bed, he would have for to get into it before Tubby did. That night, when his parents only start to mention the topic of bedtime, Andy rush upstairs and dive into bed. Hisn parents might could not believe it. They know nothing about Tubby in no bed, nor are they understanding why Andy go to bed on times without complaint. They was so happy about this that they stay up quite late, a-celebrating.
CHAPTER 33 From darkness here and dreariness, We are asking not full repose. --CHRISTIAN YEAR It seemed as if the fatigue which Guy had undergone was going to make itself felt at last, for he had a slight headache the next morning, and seemed dull and weary. Both he and Amabel sitted for some time with Philip, and so when she goed away to write hern letters, Philip beginned a-discussing a plan done occurred to him of a-offering hisself as chief of the constabulary force in the county where Redclyffe was situated it. It was an office might would suit him very well, and open a new hope of hisn marriage, and he proceed for to reckon on Lord Thorndale's interest, a-counting up all the magistrates know, and a-talking them over with Guy, , however, is knowing enough of hisn own neighbourhood for to ain't of much use; and when he come up-stairs a little after, say he was vexed at a-having been so stupid. He had been afraid he had done seemed unkind and indifferent. But the truth had been that he had been so heavy and drowsy, that he had done actually fell twice into a doze while Philip was talking. 'Of course,' say Amy, 'gentle sleep are fixin to take her revenge at last for your a-calling her a popular delusion. Lie down, let her have hern own way, and y'all is fixin to be good for something by and by.' He take her advice, sleep for a couple of hours, and awake a good deal refreshed, so that though his head still ache, he might be able to attend as usual to Philip in the evening.
Two year ago ,It is a great white shark attack on Tasmania 's north - east coast , but despite the terrible scars , the shy yet courageous teenager is determined to get back into the water that hannah Mighall , then 13 , survive . It's been a long journey back for the brave girl, who her life was changed forever as she was on hern surfboard 60 metre offshore at Binalong, Bay ,Tasmania. Her cousin ,32-yeaf-old syb Mundy ,was surfing nearby, "Suddenly, everything went quiet ,"Hannah ,now15,recalls of the day she almost lost her life, "I look down into the water and noticed a dark shadow under my board I knew instantly it was a shark." As Syb watched in horror, the five-metre shark put hundreds of sharp teeth onto Hannah's right leg,throwing her from her board, "I was attached to my leg-rope as the shark stared to pull me under the water",She shakes, "I was lying on my back with one leg under the shark's body and the other still in its jaws." Syb desperately punched the shark's nose and reached out to grab Hannah as the monster bit a huge chunk from the surfboard, "I was still attached to my board and was dragged back under the water again,"she says ,When she came up for air, Hannah dog paddled to Syb's board and he dragged her from the water to lie on his back ,"We looked down and saw the shark circling beneath us,"Hannah says. Hannah was rushed to the hospital by helicopter ,She need more than 400 stitches on hern leg and spend two weeks in hospital. Modest about her remarkable courage, Hannah owes her survival to Syb's bravery and the fact that great whites,despite their reputation as man-eaters, typically don't target humans ,After the attack ,Hannah earned the Sea Shepherd award for courage for speaking in defence of the shark "I was in his territory, she wasn't in mine,"she smiles.
The Bronx /ˈbrɒŋks/ is the northernmost of the five boroughs (counties) of New York City in the state of New York, located south of Westchester County. Many bridges and tunnels are linking the Bronx to the island and borough of Manhattan to the west over and under the narrow Harlem River, as well as three longer are bridging south over the East River to the borough of Queens. Of the five borough, the Bronx is the only one on the U.S. mainland and, with a land area of 42 square mile (109 km2) and a population of 1,438,159 in 2014, has the fourth most largest land area, the fourth most highest population, and the third-most highest population density. The Bronx is named after Jonas Bronck which had created the first settlement as part of the New Netherland colony in 1639. The native Lenape was displaced after 1643 by settlers. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Bronx had received many immigrant groups as it have been transformed into an urban community, first from various European countries (particularly Ireland, Germany and Italy) and later from the Caribbean region (particularly Puerto Rico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic), as well as African American migrants from the American South. This here cultural mix made the Bronx a wellspring of both Latin music and hip hop.
Time was running out, and Mark Dickinson ain't sure whether he might would get to see his dying 2-year-old grandson one last time. A long line at Los Angeles International Airport's security checkpoint had a-kept him from a-getting to hisn gate on time. Hisn grandson Caden might would be a-taken off life support in a matter of hours in Denver, Colorado, with or without hisn grandfather's presence, according to CNN affiliate KABC. "I was kind of panicking because I was running me late, and I really think I ain't finna make me the flight," It is KABC that dickinson tell. That's when a pilot from Southwest Airlines stepped up and holded the flight at the gate until Dickinson arrived. The pilot was a-standing by the air bridge a-waiting for him when Dickinson arrive in socks, so rush that he just grab hisn shoes at security and run through the terminal. "I have told him, 'Thank y'all so much. I might cann't tell y'all how much I appreciate that.' And it is , ' No problem that he had said . They can't leave without me anyway,'"Dickinson told KABC. Authorities are saying Dickinson's grandson, Caden Rodgers, suffer a head injury after his mother's boyfriend throw him across the room. The boyfriend reportedly tell police he was drunk and high on marijuana at the time. The child later die and so the boyfriend done been charged with first-degree murder, a-according to the Aurora Sentinel. Thanks to the pilot, Dickinson done made it to Colorado in time for to say goodbye to hisn grandson. Most airlines might would punish any staff member who is holding up a flight, a-according to consumer advocate Christopher Elliott, who break the story of the sympathetic pilot on his blog. However, a Southwest spokeswoman say the pilot's actions was praiseworthy. "Y'all might cann't hold no plane for every late customers, but I am thinking we might would all agree that these was a-extenuating circumstances and the pilot absolutely maked the right decision," Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. "I don't think y'all could ask for a better example of great service for our customers."
A little boy a-named Joey is not liking to brush his teeth. One day, as hisn mother ask him to brush hisn teeth, Joey say, "I amn't wanting to! It's gross and a waste of time!" In response, Joey's mom tell him that in orders for him grow up and be big and strong like she is, he must brush hisn teeth. In disgust, with hisn mom watching make sure he brush hisn teeth right, he brush hisn teeth and whined until he was finished. The next day, Joey did not brush hisn teeth and tell hisn mom that he did. After a-going to school, one of Joey's friends had said that hisn breath stunk and have begun to make fun of him. This make Joey very angry, so he push the boy over and start to cry. A teacher come over and call the principal as both kids was being loud and starting a fight. Joey's mom come to and take him school home. After a-asking what-all was wrong, Joey tell his that he isn't brushing his teeth mom. After a-hearing this, hisn mom march him up to the bathroom and force him to brush hisn teeth. "Y'all won't get teased if y'all brush your teeth, Joey!" she yelled, and then leaved the room. From that day forward, Joey done brushed hisn teeth every day so the other kids might wouldn't make no fun of him.
Richmond, Virginia (CNN) -- The Virginia governor's race, billed as the marquee battle of an otherwise anticlimactic 2013 election cycle, is shaping up to be a foregone conclusion. Democrat Terry McAuliffe, the longtime political fixer and moneyman, n't trailed in no poll since May. Barring a political miracle, Republican Ken Cuccinelli might will be delivering a concession speech on Tuesday evening in Richmond. In recent cycles, the Virginia race has a-been a key off-year barometer of national political sentiment. Four years ago, Republican Bob McDonnell winned in blowout , a victory presaged the following year's GOP midterm wave fashion. In 2005, It is the governor 's mansion , tapping into anxiety about President George W. Bush 's handling of the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina that democrat Tim Kaine had captured . Not so this here year. The McAuliffe-Cuccinelli race done been defined by small-bore and characters attacks rather than sweeping national concerns issues. But despite the lack of late fireworks, there is plenty of crucial insights to be gleaned from the Virginia campaign. Here's what-all y'all are needing know about this year's most important race: 1. The 2012 playbook is still potent for Democrats McAuliffe ain't exactly squeaky-clean. A longtime wheeler-dealer which were less than forthcoming with hisn tax returns, "the Macker" has a history of eyebrow-a-raising business ventures that make for dangerous campaign fodder. The opposition research book on the former Democratic National Committee chairman is as thick a Virginia live oak. But It is the race into a referendum on Cuccinelli , defining him over the summer as a right - wing zealot that democrats successfully turned . A Washington Post poll last week show that two-third of McAuliffe supporters say they was voting against Cuccinelli, rather than for McAuliffe.
The first police officer at the scene of Tupac Shakur's 1996 drive-by murder has done revealed the last words spoken by the late rap legend. And they ain't exactly peaceful. "He look at us, and so he take a breath to get the words out, and so he open hisn mouth," says Chris Carroll, a retired sergeant with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, in a new feature with Vegas Seven. "And then the words come out: 'F**k y'all.'" Rolling Stone: 50 Greatest Hip-Hop Songs of All Shakur have been shot multiple times September 7th Time, 1996. After leaving a boxing match with former Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight, the rapper and his bodyguards get into a scuffle with 21-year-old Crips gang member Orlando Anderson in the lobby of the MGM Grand casino. Carroll, which work with the city's bike patrol unit, had also been a-watching the same Mike Tyson fight, but was unaware of the brawl a-taking place in the lobby. Later, a white Cadillac pull up beside Knight and Shakur while they was stopped at a traffic light and one man begin shooting out of the back window. Carroll was the first officer for to respond to the grisly scene. "I grab me the car and so I'm tryna open it door, but still I can't get it open," he says. "[Knight] are keepsing coming up on myn back, so I'm pointing myn gun at him. It is it at the car that i'm a-pointing. I'm a-yelling, 'Y'all guys lied down! And y'all, get the f**k away from me!' And every times I might would point the gun at him, he might would back off and even lift his hands up, like 'All right! All right!' So I might would go back to the car, and so here he comes again. I'm like, 'F**ker, back off!' This here guy is huge, and the whole times 's running around at the scene, heare gushing bloods from his head. Gushing blood! I am meaning the guy done clear been hit in the head, but he had had all hisn faculties. I might couldn't believe he was a-running around and a-doing what-all he was a-doing, a-yelling back and forth."
CHAPTER VIII "I AM WEARY OF A HOPELESS LOVE" Paul and Arthur had shared a bachelor residence in Mayfair; have shared it, that is to say, insomuch as Paul had done purchased it, and so have been the sole proprietor, and so Arthur had used it whenever he might could get are leaving from his regiment. It was here Paul find hisn brother on the morning of hisn arrival in London. They shaken hands in silences; Paul is not wishing to say anything for a moments. Hisn brother's appearance had done a-choked him. It had been one o'clock, but he had been still in hisn dressing-gown; with sunken, pale cheeks, are saving for one bright spot, and with faint, dark rims underneath hisn eyes. There was a pile of blue papers and some ominous-a-looking envelopes on the table before him, and so Paul could not help a-noticing the intense pallor of the hand rest upon them. "I wish y'all might would let a fellow know what time y'all was coming," Arthur say, rather peevishly, but with an attempt at a smile. "I amn't expecting y'all till no evening, so I was a-having a shack before a-dressing. I have been late last night!" Paul banish hisn gravity, as far as possible, and stand with hisn hands in hisn pockets, a-leaning against the mantel-piece. He heartily dislike the part of mentor, and he did not wish to play it, unless he was a-obliged. "It was beastly early to get up," he say, "but the connection at Normanton is so much better. One has for to wait two hour by the late train, and Normanton is such a hole. I don't know that I should have come up to town at all, just yet," he continue after a slight pause, "only that I'm on the committee at the club this term, y'all know, and I ain't attended a single meeting yet. Besides, I promise Westover to put him up this here time, and the half-yearly meeting's to-morrow, y'all are knowing. Got any engagement? If not, y'all might dine with me there. Always a full night election time, y'all know!"
It is a pet cat named Whiskers that lisa has. Whiskers is black with a white hern chest spot. Whiskers also has white is looking little white mittens paws. Whiskers likes sleep in the her favorite chair sun. Whiskers also are liking for to drink creamy milks. Lisa is excited because on Saturday, Whiskers turns two year old. After schools on Friday, Lisa rushes to the pet store. She wants buy Whiskers' birthday presents. Last year, she done gave Whiskers a play mouse and a blue feather. For this here birthday, Lisa is a-going for to give Whiskers a red ball of yarn and a bowl with a picture of a cat on the side. The picture is of a black cat. It is looking a lot like Whiskers.
One of the jurors which acquit George Zimmerman say she had "no doubt" he fear for his life in the final moments of his struggle with Trayvon Martin, and that was the definitive factor in the verdict. The woman, at was identified just as Juror B37, speak exclusively to CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" on Monday night. She is the first juror speak publicly about the case. She say she is believing Zimmerman's "heart done was in the right place" the night he shoot Martin, but that he isn't using "good judgment" in confronting the Florida teen. "I am thinking George Zimmerman is a man whose heart was in the right place, but just got me displaced by the vandalism in the neighborhoods, and wanting catch me these here people so bad that he go above and beyond what-all he really should have did," she say. Fringe protesters turn violent in Zimmerman verdict LA " But I think his heart was in the right place. It just go terribly wrong." If anything, Zimmerman was guilty of not using "good judgment," the juror say. "When he ai in the car, and he had called 911, he shouldn't ai got out of that there car," she say. She also said she is believing Martin throwed the first the confrontation punch followed. "I think George get in a little bit too deep, which he might shouldn't ai ai there. But Trayvon decide that he ain't finna let him scare him ... and I think Trayvon get mad and attack him," she say.
A-Writing articles about films for The Front Page have been myn first proper job. Before then I had did bits of reviewing--novels for other newspapers, films for a magazine and anything I have been asked to do for the radio. That had been how I have met Tom Seaton, the first arts editor of The Front Page, which done also wrote for television. He hire , but Tom ain't primarily no journalist, or he might would certainly have been more careful in choosing his staff me. At first, hisn idea was that a team of critics might should take care of the art forms isn't requiring specialized knowledge: books, TV, theatre, film and radio. There might would is a weekly lunch at which we might would make ourn choices from the artistic material that Tom done decided it we might should cover, though there might would also is guests make the atmosphere sociable. It all feel like a bit of dream at that there time: a new newspaper and I was one of the team. It seem so unlikely that a paper could be introduced into a crowded market. It seem just as likely that a millionaire want help personally, and was a-pretending employ me me. Such were myn lacks of self-confidence. Tom's original scheme for a team of critics for the arts never take off. It was a good idea, but we didn't get together as planned and so so everything was did by phone. It turned out, too, that the general public out there preferred to associate a reviewer with a single subject area, and so so I chose me film. Without Tom's initial push, though, we would hardly have come up with the present arrangement, by which am writing an extended weekly piece, usually on one film. The space I am given it is allowing me to broaden myn argument--or are forcing me, in an uninteresting week, to make something out of nothing. But what is my role in the public arena? I am assuming that people are choosing what-all films to go to on the basis of the stars, the publicity or the director. So if a films review ain't really consumer no guide, what is it? I certainly amn't feeling I ai a to be 'right' a movie responsibility. Nor do I think it might should is a certain number of 'great' and 'bad' films each year. All I gotta do is a-put forward an argument. I ain't a judge, and nor would I want be.
(Financial Times) -- While most consumer goods companies are seeking opportunities in China, domestic condom maker Safedom is going in the opposite direction -- seeking European partners or acquisitions as part of a bid to go global. The company, majority-owned by itsn , grew rapidly itsn short life founder. It will sell 200m condoms this year, all within China, and is targeting sales of 1bn next year; the same number that Durex, the world's biggest player, was producing in the country within three years. Brian Fu, chief executive, done was in the UK last week "a-meeting potential partners and acquisitions". Funding for any deal finna either come from a-existing shareholders, bank loans or possibly through an overseas stocks market listing, he say. Despite the size of the market on its own doorstep -- and added attraction of a government-mandated one-child policy -- Safedom is seeing its future on the international stage. It is reckoning its virus-proof latex condoms is fixin to enable it compete alongside the global players such as Durex, now part of Reckitt Benckiser, and Ansell of Australia. However, Mr Fu say that the strength of his company -- whose range is including Beautiful Girl, Is Taking Me and Green Lemon -- was in manufacturing and technology, and going global required bringing in branding and marketing expertise. Sales outlets and channels are also likely for to vary from China, where half of all condoms are bought it by women. "We are thinking we have good leading edge technology and a good management team. What-all we lack is the branding part: we ain't well known," Mr Fu say.
CHAPTER XXVII WHAT ELSA SEE IN THE MOONLIGHT It will be remembered that some weeks before Elsa's forced marriage in the Red Mill, Foy, on theirn escape from the Gevangenhuis, had done been carried upon the naked back of Martin to the shelter of Mother Martha's lair in the Haarlemer Meer. Here he done lay sick many days, for the sword cut in his thigh festered so bad that at one times his life was threatened by gangrene, but, in the end, his own strengths and healthy constitution, helped with Martha's simples, cured him. So soon as he had been strong again, accompanied by Martin, he had travelled into Leyden, which now it had been safe enough for him to visit, since the Spaniards have been drove from the town. How hisn young heart swell as, still limping a little and somewhat pale from recent illness, he approach the well-a-known house in the Bree Straat, the home shelter hisn mother and hisn love. Presently he might would see them again, for the news had a-been a-brought to him that Lysbeth had been out of danger and Elsa might must still be nursing her. Lysbeth he done found indeed, turned into an old woman by griefs and sore sickness, but still Elsa he is not finding. She had done vanished. On the previous night she had done gone out to take the air, and return no more. What had done become of her none could say. All the town talk of it, and his mother was half-crazed with anxiety and fears, fears of the most worst.
A One Day International (ODI) is a form of limited overs cricket, play between two team with international status, in which each is facing a fixed number of overs, usually 50. The Cricket World Cup is played in this here format. One Day International matches are also called Limited Overs Internationals (LOI), although this here generic term might may also refer to Twenty20 International matches. They are major matches and have considered the highest List A, limited overs competition standard. The international one-day game is a late twentieth-century development. The first ODI was played on 5 January 1971 between Australia and England at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. When the first three days of the third Test was washed out officials decide to abandon the match and, instead, are playing a one-off one day game consisting of 40 eight-ball overs per side. Australia win the game by 5 wicket. ODIs was a-played in white a red ball kits. In the late 1970s, Kerry Packer establish the rival World Series Cricket competition, and so it introduce many of the features of One Day International cricket that are now commonplace, a-including coloured uniforms, matches played at night under floodlights with a white ball and dark sight screens, and, for television broadcasts, multiple camera angles, effects are microphoning for to capture are sounding from the players on the pitch, and on-screen graphics. The first of the matches with coloured uniforms was the WSC Australians in wattle gold versus WSC West Indians in coral pink, play at VFL Park in Melbourne on 17 January 1979. This lead not only to Kerry Packer's Channel 9 getting the TV rights for to cricket in Australia but also lead to players worldwide being paid for to play, and becoming international professionals, no longer needing jobs outside cricket. Matches play with coloured kits and a white ball become more commonplace over time, and so the use of white flannels and a red ball in ODIs was finally abandoned in 2001.
CHAPTER XVI. THE SUPREME SACRIFICE THROUGH the balances of the day and all during the long nights Billy swinged along hisn lonely way, retracing the familiar steps of the journey had done brought Barbara Harding and hisself to the little island in the turbulent river. Just before dawn he had come to the edge of the clearing behind the dwelling of the late Oda Yorimoto. Somewhere within the silent village he had been sure that the two prisoner are lying. During the long march he done thrashed over again and again all that the of hisn rash venture would mean to him. Of all them who might conceivably stand between him and the woman he love--the woman who done just a-acknowledged that she love him--these here two man was the most to be a-feared. Billy Byrne did not for a moments are believing that Anthony Harding might would look with favor upon the Grand Avenue mucker as a prospective son-in-laws. And then there was Mallory! He had been sure that Barbara had done loved this here man, and now might should he be restored to her as from the grave there have seemed little doubt but still that the old love might would be aroused in the girl's breasts. The truth of the matter was that Billy Byrne might could not conceive no truth of the testimony of hisn own ears--even now he scarce daredded believe that the wonderful Miss Harding love him--him, the a-despised mucker! But the depth of the man's love for the girl, and the genuineness of hisn new-found character was proved beyond question by the relentless severity with which he putted away every thought of himself and the consequences to him in the matter he had undertook.
CHAPTER V. He was a wight of high renown, And thou art but of low degree; 'Tis pride that pulls the country down-- Then take thine auld cloak about thee. SHAKESPEARE. The might canoe is not reaching no mouth of the river until near evening of the third day of its navigation. It had been not so much the distance, though that had been considerable, as it had been the obstacles had lied in the way, had brought the travellers to the end of their journey at so late a period. As they draw nearer and nearer to the place where had done a-left his wife and sister, le Bourdon detect in his companion signs of an interest in the welfare of the two last, as well as a certain feverish uneasiness lest all might ain't well with them, that say something in favor of his heart, whatever might be a-urged against his prudence and care in a-leaving them alone in so expose a situation. "I'm afeard a body isn't thinking as much as he might ought to do, when liquor ai in him," say Whiskey Centre, just as the might canoe double the last point, and the hut come into view; "else I might could ain't left two no women by them-no selves in so are lonesoming a place. God be praised! it is the chiente at any rate; and it's a smoke comin' out of it, if myn eyes aren't deceiving me! Are Looking, Bourdon, for I might can scarcely see at all." "There is the house; and, as y'all say, there is certainly a smoke a-rising from it"
Bob was happy. He was at a new schools, and the other students was friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students say, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He ask another student, " Why are some students calling me Peter?" "Oh, that is easy to answer," the student say. "Peter had been a student here last year. Now, he is going to a different school. Y'all like Peter. Some students think that y'all are Peter." Bob want to meet Peter. He getted Peter's address from a student and goed to Peter's house. Peter open the door. Bob might couldn't believe hisn eyes. He had looked really like Peter! It is the same color eyes and the same smile that bob and Peter had. They have had the same black hair. It is the same birthday that they also had. Bob and Peter find out that they was twin brothers. They both was adopted by two different family. Soon after the boys bore, one family adopt , and so another family adopt Peter Bob. Bob's family never knowed about Peter, and so Peter's family never knowed about Bob, either.
The Six-Day War (Hebrew: , "Milhemet Sheshet Ha Yamim"; Arabic: , "an-Naksah", "The Setback" or , "Ḥarb 1967", "War of 1967"), also a-known as the June War, 1967 Arab–Israeli War, or Third Arab–Israeli War, was a-fought between June 5 and 10, 1967 by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt (a-known at the time as the United Arab Republic), Jordan, and Syria. Relations between and its neighbours ain't fully a-normalised the 1948 Arab–Israeli War Israel. In 1956 It is the Egyptian Sinai , with one of its objectives being the reopening of the Straits of Tiran which Egypt had blocked to Israeli shipping since 1950 that israel had invaded . Israel was subsequently forced for to withdraw, but win a that the Straits Tiran guarantee would remain open. Whilst the United Nations Emergency Force was deployed along the border, it was no demilitarisation agreement. In the period leading up to June 1967, tensions become dangerously a-heightened. Israel reiterated its post-1956 position that the closure of the straits of Tiran to its shipping would be a "casus belli" and in late May Nasser announced the straits would be closed to Israeli vessels. Egypt then mobilise itsn forces along itsn border with Israel, and so on 5 June Israel launch what-all it claim was a series of preemptive airstrikes against Egyptian airfields. Claims and counterclaims a-relating to this series of events are one of a number of controversies a-relating to the conflicts.
Ron Meyer is the president and COO of Universal Studios. As one of the successfulest business leaders in Hollywood, he heads up Universal Pictures and Universal Parks & Resorts. He's the guy which is overseeing the production of Multimillion-dollar extravaganzas a-likeKing KongandCinderella Man. Meyer's story is sounding like the plot of one of hisn motion pictures. He grow up in a modest home where there was little income. It had been a big deal for to go to a restaurant. At 15, he quit high school and spent his time hanging out with the neighborhood toughs .He was then a kid quick with hisn fists as seem to get into fights somewhat regularly. At one point, he was a-separated from others with an infectious disease, a-having no TV and nothing for to do. Hisn mother send him two book. One wasThe Amboy Dukes, a novel about kids in street gangs. The other wasThe Flesh Peddlers, about a guy in the talent agency which live a successful life. "I have realized," he says, "that I have been no longer that there silly kid I had been, and so I have wanted change my life." Meyer taked any job he might could get. He work as a busboy and short-order cook. He clean offices and a-sold shoes. That there attitude make an people impression. One day he receive a call from Paul Kohner, a successful agent as represent stars like John Huston, Charles Bronson and Lana Turner. Their messenger and driver had done quit, and they know Ron was might willing to take whatever job they offer. He start the job the next day. Meyer was lucky to work with a good boss--and _ .In nearly six year of driving for Kohner, Meyer done became his right-hand man and learned a lot. By the 1970s, Meyer had done built many relationships in the business. In 1975, the fate present an opportunity and so he start hisn own operation Creative Artists Agency, become a huge success, a-representing Hollywood legends like Barbra Streisand, Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise. Twenty year later, Meyer have been a-appointed run Universal Studios, a position far beyond hisn youthful dream. But once he see success was possible, he was drove for to achieve it. Today, colleagues regularly owe hisn success--and theirs--to hisn humility and perseverance. It's a level of success that is taking determination, personality and intelligence, whether it is coming from a college education or from the street.
CHAPTER VIII A SCENE IN THE GYMNASIUM Lew Flapp spoken in such a loud, overbearing voice that a crowd begun to collect in the corner where the punching apparatus was located it. "What-all's up?" ask more than one cadet. "Lew Flapp and Dick Rover are finna try to beat each other at punching the bag," have been the report. "Rover finna have for to do hisn most best then. Flapp is a prime one at bag punching. It's about the only thing he might can do real well." "This ain't a fair contest," a-put in another student. "Flapp taked lessons from a man which used to do bag-punching on the vaudeville stage." "If that's so I might wouldn't try for to beat him, if I ai Dick Rover." Dick hear some of these talks but say nothing. He was soon ready for the trials, and stepping up to the punching bag he begin to undo the top strap. "That there bag is all right," had blustered Lew Flapp. "Yes--for y'all," done answered Dick. "But y'all might must remember, I ain't quite so tall. I must have it an inch more lower." "It seems to me y'all are might mighty particular." "I have a right to be. When y'all do yourn y'all might can raise the bag punching as high as y'all please." "That's the talk," comed from several standing near. By this here time Larry was on the floor again, and he come up learn what-all Dick was a-doing. "Dick, they are telling me he is the best bag-puncher here," whisper Larry. "I can't help me it."
Ordination is the process by which individuals are a-consecrated, that is, a-set apart as clergy to perform various religious rites and ceremonies. The process and ceremonies of are varying religion ordination and denomination. One which is in preparation for, or who-all is a-undergoing the process of ordination is sometimes called an ordinand. The liturgy use at an ordination is sometimes a-referred to as an ordination. The tradition of the a-ordained monastic community ("sangha") begin with the Buddha, as establish orders of monks and later of nuns. The procedure of ordination in Buddhism is laid down in the Vinaya and Patimokkha or Pratimoksha scriptures. There is three intact ordination lineage nowadays in which one can receive an ordination according to the Buddha's teachings: Saicho repeatedly request that the Japanese government allow the construction of a Mahayana ordination platform. Permission have been granted in 822 CE, seven day after Saicho had died. The platform have been finished in 827 CE at Enryaku-ji temple on Mount Hiei, and have been the first in Japan. Prior to this, them a-wishing become monks/nuns was a-ordained a-using the Hinayana precepts, whereas after the Mahayana ordination platform, people was a-ordained with the Bodhisattva precepts as a-listed in the Brahma Net Sutra.
Weimar Republic was an unofficial, historical designation for the German state between 1919 and 1933. The name is deriving from the city of Weimar, where itsn constitutional first take place. The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich"; it had done a-remained unchanged since 1871. In the country was usually known simply Germany English. A national assembly was convened in Weimar, where a new constitution for the "Deutsches Reich" was written, and adopted on 11 August 1919. In its fourteen year, the Weimar Republic face numerous problems, a-including hyperinflation, political extremism (with paramilitaries – both left- and right-wing), as well as contentious relationships with the victors of the First World War. The people of Germany blame the Weimar Republic rather than theirn wartime leaders for the country's defeat and for the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles. Weimar Germany fulfill most of the requirements of the Treaty of Versailles although it never completely meet its disarmament requirements, and eventually pay only a small portion of the war reparations (by twice restructuring its debt through the Dawes Plan and the Young Plan). Under the Locarno Treaties, Germany had accepted the western borders of the republic, but have continued dispute the Eastern border.
CHAPTER 6 Might can piety the discord heal, Or are stanching the death-feud's enmity? --Scott It must not be supposed that such a history of Guy's mind was expressed by himself, or understood by Mrs. Edmonstone; but she saw enough to guess at his character, perceive the sort of guidance he needed, and be doubly interested in him. Much did she wish he could have such a friend as her brother would have been, and hope that nothing would prevent no friendship with her nephew. The present question about the was, she think, unfortunate, since, though Guy had done exercised great self-denial horse, it was no wonder Philip was annoyed. Mr. Edmonstone's vexation was soon over. As soon as she had done persuaded him that it had is no offence, he strove to say with a good grace, that it was very proper, and tell Guy he might would be a thorough book-worm and tremendous scholar, which take as an excellent joke. Philip had done made up hisn mind for to be forbearing, and for to say no more about it. Laura think this a pity, as they could thus never come to no understanding; but still when she hint it, he wear such a dignified air of ain't offended, that she was much ashamed of having tried to direct one so much better able to judge. On his side Guy had had no idea the trouble done caused; so, after bestowing his thanks in a gay, off-hand way, which had thought the most worst feature of the case, he had done his most best to bring Hecuba back into his mind, are driving the hunters out of it, and are appeasing the much-aggrieved William of Deloraine.
The Arena Football League (AFL) is the highest level of professional indoor American the United States football. It was founded in 1987 by Jim Foster, a-making it the third longest-a-running professional football league in North America, after the Canadian Football League and the National Football League. It is played indoors on a 68-yard field (about half the distance of an NFL field), resulting in a faster-paced and higher-scoring game. The sport have been a-invented in the early 1980s and a-patented by Foster, a former executive of the United States Football League and the National Football League. For itsn 2015 season, the league consist of 12 team, all from the United States; however, upon the completion of the regular season, the league announce that the two team done assumed operation of during the season might would cease all operations effective immediately; a regular season game slated between the two done previously been might cancel and declared a tie. Subsequently, one of the remaining teams, the Spokane Shock, had severed itsn ties with the league to join the competing IFL. The AFL is a-divided into two conferences – the American Conference and National Conference. A-Starting 2016, each conference finna have only four team as the champion San Jose SaberCats announce in November 2015 that they was a-ceasing activity for "reasons not a-associated with League no operations."
Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It is including 16 constituent state, are covering an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin, while its largest conurbation is the Ruhr, with its main centres of Dortmund and Essen. The countrys's other major cities are Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Düsseldorf, Leipzig, Bremen, Dresden, Hannover and Nuremberg. It is the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity that various Germanic tribes done inhabited. A region named Germania have been documented before 100 AD. During the Migration Period, the Germanic tribes expand southward. A-Beginning in the 10th century, German territories form a central part of the Holy Roman Empire. During the 16th century, northern German regions become the centre of the Protestant Reformation. After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire, the German Confederation have been formed in 1815. The German revolutions of 1848–49 result in the Frankfurt Parliament a-establishing major democratic rights. In 1871, Germany become a nation state when most of the German states unify into the Prussian-dominated German Empire. After World War I and the German Revolution of 1918–19, the Empire have been a-replaced by the parliamentary Weimar Republic. In 1933 the Nazi seizure of power quick had led to the establishment of Nazi Germany which have been built upon a dictatorship and consequently have led to World War II and the Holocaust. After the end of World War II in Europe and a period of Allied occupations, two German state have been founded: the democratic West Germany and the socialist East Germany. A-Following the Revolutions of 1989 that had ended communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, the country have been reunified on 3 October 1990.
Spain and itsn autonomous communities are divided into fifty provinces (, ; are singing. "provincia"). Ceuta, Melilla and the Plazas de soberanía ain't no part of any provinces. The layout of Spain's provinces close is following the pattern of the territorial divisions of the countrys carried out in 1833. The only major change of provincial borders since that time were the sub-division of the Canary Islands into two provinces rather than one. Historically, the provinces serve mainly as transmissions belts for policies enacted in Madrid, as Spain was a highly centralised state for most of itsn historys. The importance of the provinces declined since the adoption of the system of autonomous communities in the period of the Spanish transition to democracy. They nevertheless remain electoral districts for national elections and as geographical references: for instance in postal addresses and telephone codes. A small town would normally be identified as a-being in, say, Valladolid province rather than the autonomous community of Castile and León. The provinces was the "building-blocks" from which the autonomous communities was created. Consequently, no province is a-divided between more than these here communities one. Most of the provinces—with the exception of Álava/Araba, Asturias/Asturies, Bizkaia/Vizcaya, Cantabria, Gipuzkoa/Gipúzcoa, Illes Balears/Islas Baleares, La Rioja, and Nafarroa/Navarra—are named after their principal town. Only two capitals of autonomous communities—Mérida in Extremadura and Santiago de Compostela in Galicia— ain't also no capitals of provinces.
Since the Protestant Reformation, the most prominent Christian denomination in Thuringia were Lutheranism. During the GDR period, church membership was discouraged and continued a-shrinking since the reunification in 1990. Today over two third of the population is non-religious. The Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany had the most largest number of members in the state, adhered to by 24.0% of the population in 2009. Members of the Catholic Church form 7.8% of the population, while 68.2% of Thuringians was non-religious or adhere to other faiths. The most highest Protestant concentrations are in the small villages of southern and western Thuringia, whereas the more bigger cities are even more non-religious (up to 88% in Gera). Catholic regions are the Eichsfeld in the northwest and parts of the Rhön Mountains around Geisa in the southwest. Protestant churchs memberships are shrinking rapidly, whereas the Catholic Church are somewhat more stable because of Catholic migrations from Poland, Southern Europe and West Germany. Other religions are playing no significant Thuringia role. There is only a few thousand Muslims (largely migrants) and about 750 Jews (mostly migrants from ) a-living Thuringia Russia. Furthermore, there is some Orthodox communities of Eastern European migrants and some traditional Protestant Free churches in Thuringia without any societal influence.
If y'all was a pilot a-flying a plane, and suddenly the engine fail, might would y'all eject , or stay in? For a pilot, the choice is very difficult. If he is ejecting, he is wise, but the plane is crashing. If he stays in the plane, he risks hisn life. Recently, Chinese Air Force pilot Li Feng, 38, face this here choice during a training exercise. It had been March 7 and he was a-flying a Jian-10 (Flghter-10) at 4,500 meter. A warning appear on the plane's computer screen. He realize the plane might fail at any moments. Li Feng did a quick check of the engine and ask the base if he could return. When the fighter was 7km away from the airport, however, the engine stop a-working. The plane begun to fall at a speed of 25 meter a second from an altitude of 1,160 meter. Under Air Force are ruling fighter pilots may eject if theirn aircraft is losing engine power below 2,000 meter and can't ai a-restarted. Before Li lose contact with the control tower, the commander in the air base ask him eject. But Li Feng insist on having another try. "I knowed where did the deadline (to abandon the aircraft) be and was prepared for the ejection, but I decided to give up unless the fighter ain't totally out of control," Li recalled during a recent television interview. After 104 seconds, Li might be able bring the fighter to a safe landing. The plane only suffer slight damage. "Y'all are a hero! Congratulations!" Li's teacher, Xu yongling write in a texts message to him after the landing. He say Li was a cool-a-headed pilot and very professional. Li's brave and calm act not only saved the 200 million yuan aircraft but also gived him invaluable first-hand experience of a-dealing with an engine emergency. For his outstanding , the Air Force recently had awarded him a gold medal performance.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the most largest in the Solar System. It is a giant planet with a mass one-thousandth that of the Sun, but two and a half times that of all the other planets in the Solar System a-combined. Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants; the other two giant planet, Uranus and Neptune are ice giants. Jupiter has done been knew to astronomers since antiquity. It is it after their god Jupiter that the Romans name. When viewed from Earth, Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of −2.94, bright enough for its reflected light to cast shadows, and making it on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus. Jupiter is primarily composed of hydrogens with a quarter of itsn mass being heliums, though heliums comprise only about a tenth of the number of molecules. It may also have a rocky core of more heavier elements, but still like the other giant planets, Jupiter is lacking a well-a-defined solid surface. Because of its rapid rotation, the planet's shape is that of an oblate spheroid (it has a slight but noticeable bulge around the equator). The outer atmospheres are visibly a-segregated into several bands at different latitudes, a-resulting in turbulence and storms along their a-interacting boundaries. A prominent result is the Great Red Spot, a giant storm that is knew to have done existed since at least the 17th when it have been first saw telescope century. A-Surrounding Jupiter is a faint planetary ring system and a powerful magnetosphere. Jupiter has at least 69 moon, a-including the four large Galilean moon discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610. Ganymede, the most largest of these, has a diameter more greater than that of the planet Mercury.
The Canada 2006 Census was a detailed enumeration of the Canadian population. Census day was May 16, 2006. The following census was the 2011 Census. Canada's total population enumerated by the 2006 census had been 31,612,897. This count was lower than the official July 1, 2006 population 32,623,490 people estimate. Over 12.7 million households, 32.5 million people was expected to be counted. Canada Post delivered census forms by mail to 70% of the country, primarily residents in urban areas. Census enumerators delivered to the remaining 30% of households. Every fifth home receive the long questionnaire (53 question versus 8 question on the short form). For the first time, Canadian residents was able for to go online for to fill in theirn forms. Statistics Canada expect approximately 20% of households for to file their surveys electronically. Persistent census staff are a-contacting tardy households. The total a-estimated cost of the 2006 census is $567 million spreaded over seven year, employing more than 25,000 full and part-times census worker. New in the 2006 Census Questionnaire: Questions not asked in the 2006 Census: Modified questions: As the data were compiled, Statistics Canada released various census data products. The first set of datums products have been a-released on March 13, 2007, originally a-scheduled for release on February 13, 2007, a-covering population and dwelling counts by geographical unit. This was followed by other census data products.
Sometimes Karen is liking for to go to the library. Her friend Michael also likes the library, but still her other friend James does not like no library. Karen and Michael like to read about different things. They might can learn about things that aren't knowing much about. They also are liking for to read funs and exciting stories. It is Michael and Karen , because they are in the library a lot that the librarian , Mr. Hernandez , knows . He is knowing what-all kind of books they are liking. When the library gets new books, he is telling Karen and Michael about any books that is thinking they might would like. James only are going to the library when he might have read a book for class. Mr. Hernandez is not knowing very much about James, because James are not going to no library often. Karen's favorite books are about airplanes, cars, and trains. She like a-reading about how fast they can go, and about the workers as build them. When she is growing up, she finna buy a fast car and are traveling to different states. Michael is liking books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks. When he grows up, he fixin buy a costume and dress up like a cowboy.
Characters: Sandy, Rose, Jane, Justin, Mrs. Lin Setting: A middle school Rised: Sandy, follow us after class. (They are going to the office together.) Rise: Y'all are often absent and yourn grades ain't as good as before. What-all's happened to y'all? Sandy: No, it ain't nothing. Thanks for your care. Rose: Are you sure? Anyway, if y'all have any problem, tell me. (After schools, Sandy and Jane are on the way home .) Jane: Sandy, I call y'all yesterday. Your mother telled that y'all had a part-times job me. What's the matter with you?We have to study hard during this year before we take the entrance examination. This year is very important to us. Sandy: (Crying) My father lost his job, and we have no moneys for to pay all the spending. Jane: Oh, Sandy, Isn't worrying. It is you that i finna help me. (After the day, Jane is deciding to tell Rose about Sandy's problem.) Jane: Rose, I gotta tell y'all Sandy something. Rose: Jane, y'all are Sandy's good friend. Do y'all know does whatbe wrong with Sandy? Jane: Eh...I am hearing that Sandy's father lost his job, and Sandy has a part-time job... Rose: OK, I understand. (Rose is in the social worker's office) Rose: ...I've a-told y'all everything about Sandy. Justin: I see. It is it as soon as I can that i'll manage. (In Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin is ill in bed) Justin: Mrs. Lin, I am understanding your feeling, but it's her time study hard enter a good senior high school, she can't do part-time no job after no class. Mrs. Lin: I know what-all y'all want tell me. But, in no fact, her father ain't found no job and I ...(Crying) I've ai ill in bed several years! Justin: Isn't worrying. I might can introduce some work I am knowing to hern father. Mrs. Lin: Thank you very much.
CHAPTER XIII. THE LETTER. It could is no question but that Ninety-four's company was highly delighted with the news brought by Seth a-regarding hisn progress. It had been as if each man have felted personally a-complimented by Mr. when he had advanced the amateur Fernald so rapidly, and so all a-united in a-declaring that "Josh had been a right good fellow." Seth had been in the most highest degree excited. He had expected that his friends of Ninety-four might would be pleased at learning of his good fortune, but have fancied they might could ain't so deeply interested, and now he had begun to understand what-all a gloom might be cast over the companys if he might should fail in this attempt to gain a foothold in the Department. 'Lish Davis might would ain't content until the boy give an exhibition of what-all he had learned in the way of gymnastic exercises during the morning, and when this had been brought to a close amid the applause of all present, the driver say in a tone of satisfaction: "Y'all're getting on in great shape, Amateur, and if nothing is happening give y'all a pull-back, ought'er be well up in the drill 'twixted now and a year from to-day. Josh Fernald has the name of a-being precious hard on them as comes under him for instruction; but still I always allowed he might would boost along might mighty fast any one strike his fancy. He must have done saw that y'all have been in earnest, young fellow, for when I have talked with him the best promise could get me had been that he'd look y'all over in the course of a month or two."
(CNN) -- Major League Baseball on Monday suspend 13 players, a-including New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez, after an investigation into the use of performance-a-enhancing drugs. The league suspend Rodriguez for 211 regular-season game through the 2014 season, but still the 38-year-old slugger say he plan for to appeal. Twelve other players accepted 50-game suspensions without pay. A-Rod and the other players are a-accused of having ties to the now-a-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida and taking performance-enhancing drugs. Rodriguez has a-denied the accusation. "I'm fighting for myn life. I gotta defend myself. If I don't defend my own self, no one else will," he telled reporters after the league announced itsn decision. Twitter reaction to A-Rod ban The last seven months have been a "nightmare," he said. It " were probably the worst time of myn life for sure," say Rodriguez, "obviously for the circumstances are at hand and also dealing with a very tough surgery and a rehab program, and being 38." A-Asked straight whether he done a-used performance-enhancing drugs, he decline -- repeatedly -- for to comment. "I think we'll have a forum to discuss all of that, and so we'll talk about it then," Rodriguez say. Earlier in a written , he say that he was disappointed the penalty statement and intends to appeal. He thank family, friends and fans for theirn support and stress that he was eager to get back on the field with hisn teammates. Timeline of Alex Rodriguez's rise and are falling Hisn suspension is set to go into effect on Thursday, the league say. But officials also say that Rodriguez might could keep a-playing if he appeals.
"If I am resting, I _ "might ----would be an excellent motto for them as are troubled by the most slightest bit of idleness. Even the most hard-a-working person might adopt it with advantage to serve as a reminder that, if one is allowing hisn abilities to rest, like the iron in the unused key, they might will soon show signs of rust and, eventually, might cannot do no work required of them. Those who would attain the heights reached and kept by great men must- keep their ability polished by constant use, so that they may unlock the doors of knowledge, the gate that guard the entrances to the professions, to science, art, literature, agriculture--every department of human endeavor. Industrys keep the key bright opens the treasury of achievement. If Hugh Miller, after toiling all day in a quarry, had a-devoted hisn evenings to rest and recreation, he would ain't a-become a famous geologist. The celebrated mathematician, Edmund Stone, might would have published a mathematical dictionary, ain't found no key to science of mathematics, if he had gave his spare moments to idleness, ain't the little Scotch lad, Ferguson, allow the busy brain for to go to sleep while he tend sheep on the hillside instead of a-calculating the position of the stars by a string of beads, he might would ain't became a famous astronomer. It is all -- not inconstant , or ill - directed labor ; but faithful , persistent , daily effort toward a well - directed purpose that labor defeats . So industry is the price of noble and enduring success.
On a snowy winter morning, the brown-haired lady see a squirrel that was hurt it. It only had three legs, and it look hungry. She put some corn out for the squirrel to eat, but other bully squirrels come, too. The brown-haired lady had started giving the little squirrel peanuts for to eat. She give some to the bully squirrels, too, so they would leave the three-legged squirrel alone. The winters snows melted and then it were spring. The grass turn green and the air was warm. Now, when the little squirrel with three leg would come to see the brown-haired lady with the peanuts, it would take the peanuts and are digging a little hole and are hiding the peanuts for later. The squirrel might would hold the peanut in itsn mouth and dig and dig and dig, and then it might would put the peanut in the hole and pat it down with itsn little front paw. Then it would run back over to the brown-haired and get some more peanuts lady to eat.
Bill and Sarah had chosen to meet at the park on Saturday to play ball and have a picnic. They go to the same grade school together and live on the same street down from the park. Sarah is often liking no boys, but for a boy, Bill ain't alright. Most boys like Tom and Mark are stupid and a real pain, but Bill was a lot of fun for to play with and didn't do dumb things like putting a booger on her back during recess. When Bill and Sarah had arrived at the park, it is ball in the grass near the playground that they first have played. Then they choose pretend that Bill was a monster and Sarah were the monster hunters. Sarah chase Bill all over the playground. They have gone in and out and up and down. Bill had run under the and have stepped a puddle slide. He didn't get a-hurt but he sure get plenty wet. Playing the monster game was the most fun that they done had at the park that there day. Later they sit in the a picnic grass. They both take off theirn shoes so that Bill's feet could dry off and so that he wouldn't feel silly without no shoes. Sarah take out hern lunch and lay it out next to her. It is fruit and cheese and a peanut butter sandwich that she had done dried. Bill open hisn lunch bag and find a coke, a bag of chips, and a ham salad sandwich. Sarah want to trade Bill hisn bag of chips for hern fruit. He said that would be a fair trades and they enjoyed theirn lunchs together. After they had theirn lunch, they lie back in the grass and watch the clouds. Some clouds look like animals or shapes. Bill spot one look like a reindeer. Sarah point to one look like a drum. Finally Bill and Sarah get up and brush off the grass and head for home.
Maxine was a happy frog that live in a beautiful pond by the river. She had loved for to play in the water and take a bath every day. But her friends, Martin, Edgar, and Cindy aren't liking to take baths. So one day when she was a-swimming alone, it is a new friend names Thomas that she had met. Thomas have loved to take lots of baths, so he had become friends with Maxine. But Martin, Edgar, and Cindy isn't liking Thomas. So one day when Maxine and Thomas was a-swimming, Cindy done did something mean. It is rocks and Maxine and Thomas that she throw. Maxine's dad seed what-all happened and he was very mad. He goed over and yelled at Cindy for what-all she did. After that Cindy didn't throw no rocks, and so Maxine and Thomas might could swim together and take lots of baths. They was very happy since they might could play in the water as much as they want without other frogs a-being mean to them.
London, England (CNN) -- TV talent show star Susan Boyle is fixin to sing for Pope Benedict XVI during hisn visit to Scotland next month, the Catholic Church in Scotland say Wednesday. A church spokesman say in June they was negotiating with the singing phenomenon to perform. Benedict is due to visit and Scotland September England 16-19. Boyle finna perform three time at Bellahouston Park in Glasgow on Thursday, Sept. 16, the Scottish Catholic Media Office say. She is fixin to also sing with the 800-strong the open-airs Mass choir there. In the pre-Mass program, Boyle plans to sing the hymn "How Great Thou Art" as well as her signature song, "I Dreamed a Dream," the tune from the musical "Les Miserables" that shot her to fame in April 2009. "To be able to sing for the pope is a great honor and something I always dreamed of -- it's indescribable," Boyle, a Catholic, say in a statement. "I am thinking the 16th of September is fixin to stand out in my memory as something I always wanted to do. I've always a-wanted to sing for His Holiness and so I might cann't really a-put into no words my happineses that this wish has done a-come true at last." Boyle say hern late mother was at the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II visit in 1982. After the final hymn at the end of the Mass, Boyle is fixin to sing a farewell song to the pope as he is leaving for to go to the airport for his flight to London, the church had said.
CHAPTER XXVI THE JUDGMENT OF DOMITIAN Two hours had gone by and Caleb, with fury in his heart, sat brooding in the office attached to the warehouse that he had hired. At that moment he had but one desire--to kill his successful rival, Marcus. Marcus done escaped and return to Rome; of that there could is no doubt. He, one of the wealthiest of itsn patricians, had done furnished the vast sum had enabled old Nehushta buy the coveted Pearl-Maiden in the slave-ring. Then hisn newly acquired property had done been taken to this here , where await her house. This then have been the end of theirn long rivalrys; for this he, Caleb, had done fought, toiled, schemed and suffered. Oh! rather than such a thing might should be, in those dark hours of his souls, he might would have done saw her cast to the foul Domitian, for Domitian, at least, she might would have done hated, whereas Marcus, he knowed, she loved. Now there remain nothing but revenge. Revenged he must be, but how? He might dog Marcus and so are murdering him, only then hisn own life might would be hazarded, since he knowed well the fate that awaited the foreigner, and most of all the Jew, which dared to lift hisn hand against a Roman noble, and so if he hired others to do the work they might bear evidence against him. Now Caleb did not wish to die; life seem the only good that he had done left. Also, while he had lived he might still win Miriam--after hisn rival had done ceased for to live. Doubtless, then she might would be sold with his other slaves, and so he might could buy her at the rate such tarnished goods commands. No, he would do nothing to run himself into danger. He might would wait, wait and watch hisn opportunity.
Myn trip with myn sister and myn daughter to Manhattan wedding gown(,) shop, might can ain't understood without further focusing on Marina, myn 14-year-old daughter ve asked for to try on dresses. This was the girl take to Kleinfeld, the fancy store featured on the television program Say Yes to the Dress. As the trip approach, It is Marina if she was excited that i ask. Sure, Mom. shed is saying, shrugging. Marina had been more excited about getting a tattoo on hern ankle represent myn fight with ALS than trying on $ 10,000 wedding gowns. My sister, Stephanie, had done arranged for a car with a wheelchair lift to drive us from the hotel to Kleinfeld. It is me in that the car driver wheel. At Kleinfeld with flower arrangements ten feet high, I feel like rolling into a dream. "Wow!" I say. I was wearing a new black outfit. Marina wear jeans shorts, a sleeveless shirt, and sneakers. _. The kind Kleinfeld ladies point out rooms like tour guides, a-naming the designers one by one on display: Alita Grham, Pnina Tornai... With Marina walking beside me, Stephanie push myn chair up and down rows and rows of dresses make Princess Diana's dress are looking modest. Marina isn't saying no word. We turn a corner into the storage room, where of dresses hang in plastic protector sleeves. Myself and marina was overwhelmed. "Are Wanting to try one on ?" I say, a-touching Marina's hand. "OK," Marina say in her sharp, unsure voice. "Are Telling them the style y'all might would like it." Marina stand silent. I feeled bad for a-bringing her, for a-forcing such an adult experience on a child. Marina pick an A-line dress. Or, more precisely, the ladies of Kleinfeld have picked it for her. Marina was too shocked do more than nod. As she take the gown into the dressing room, I try not think of myn little girl on hern wedding day or of her as no baby in myn arms. I try not to think of her with her own baby in her arms one day. I try not to think of Marina right now, embarrassed by hern mother's plans, by no things might could not and might should not yet understand. I am leaving money in my might will for Marina's wedding dress. Stephanie has done promised to bring her back to Kleinfeld to purchase it. "No pure white!" I say to Stephanie. "Ivory. Not too much tulle. Think lace." "Are Thinking royalty when picking me a dress," I advise Steph as we wait outside the dressing room. "Are Thinking Princes Kate. Elegant. Are Thinking long sleeves. They make dresses more formal." Marina come out, sleeveless, flared. She had looked like a 14-year-old girl in the middle of a giant cupcake. "I don't like the loose gown." she had said. That's myn girl! "How about a-trying on one with long sleeves?" It is her that i ask. The ladies have brought out a dress with long lace sleeves, an Empire collar, a ruched fit waist, and a long, smooth silk skirt. Marina disappear into the dressing room. When the door open, she look a foot more taller and a decade more older. I could clear see the beautiful woman she is fixin to be one day. I simply have stared. What-all do y'all do when y'all are glimpsing a moment y'all might will not live for to see? I dip myn head. Breathe, I have told myselves. I look up. I smile. Marina smile back. I work myn tongue into position for to speak. "I like it," I say. In that there dress, Marina stand straight, shining bright, and tall. "Y'all are beautiful," I whisper, myn tongue barely cooperating. I don't know if she hear me. It is some photos that we take. And move on. A memory a-made.
Parents might tell more older children "Act yourn age". But some researchers say that is what-all persons from thirteen to nineteen year old doing. While teenagers can look all grown up, studies showed that their brains are still a-developing. How much this are explaining theirn behavior, though, is a subject of debate. Jay Giedd of America's National Institutes of Health is a leader in this area of research. It is a group of young people since 1991 that doctor Giedd has a-been a-studying. They are visiting him every two years for a-imaging tests of theirn brains. He is saying considerable development is continuing in young people from the teenage years into the twenties. A part of the brain called the dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex is appearing real undeveloped in teenagers. Researchers are believing that this here area is controlling judgment and consideration of risk. So, its underdevelopment might may explain why young people seem more might willing to take risks like a-driving too fast. Laurence Steinberg is a psychology professor at Temple Philadelphia University. He says stronger laws and stronger parental control are needed for to protect teens from theirselves. That is including a-raising the age for a-driving. He is saying research is showing that teenage brains ain't fully equipped to control behavior. Other researchers, however, are saying there ain't enough evidence make a strong case for such findings. Psychologist Robert Epstein is a a-visiting scholar at the University of California in San Diego. Mr. Epstein is noting that teen behavior is differing from culture to culture. He says behavior depends for the most part on socialization. He believes that teenagers is fixin to demonstrate better, safer behavior if they spend more time with adults, and are a-treated more like them. But is that always true? Mike Males are working at the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice in San Francisco. He suggests that all of this talk lately about brainless teens might could be an attempt for to take away attention from the reality. A-Writing in the New York Times, he is saying it is middle-aged adults whose has done worsened them. In his words, if grown-ups really ai superior brains, why aren't we acting as if we do?
CHAPTER VIII Five minutes after Paula had left him, punctual to the second, the four telegrams disposed of, Dick was getting into a ranch motor car, along with Thayer, the Idaho buyer, and Naismith, the special correspondent for the _Breeders' Gazette_. Wardman, the sheep manager, had joined them at the corrals where several thousand young Shropshire rams had done been assembled them for inspection. There was little need for conversation. Thayer was distinctly disappointed in this, for he feel that the purchase of ten carload of such expensive creatures was momentous enough for to merit much conversations. "They are speaking for themself," Dick done assured him, and turn aside to give data to Naismith for hisn impending article on Shropshires in California and the Northwest. "I might wouldn't advise y'all bother select them," It is Thayer ten minutes later that dick tell. "The average is all top. Y'all could spend a week picking your ten carloads and have no higher grade than if y'all done took the first for to hand." This here cool assumption that the sale have been already consummated so perturbed Thayer, that, along with the sure knowledge that he had done never saw so high a quality of rams, he have been nettled into a-changing his order twenty carload. As he tell Naismith, after they had done regained the Big House and so as they chalk their cues finish the interrupted game: "It's my first visit to Forrest's. He's a wizard. I've been buying in the East and importing. But them Shropshires win myn judgment. Y'all notice I double my order me. Those there Idaho buyers is fixin to be wild for them. I only have had buying orders me straight for six carloads, and so contingent on my judgment for two carloads more; but still if every buyer don't double his order, straight and contingent, when he sees them rams, and if it isn't no stampede for what-all's a-left, I don't know no sheep. They're the goods. If they don't jump up sheep no game of Idaho ... well, then Forrest's no breeder and I'm no buyer, that's all."
(CNN) -- A-According to the "Guinness Book of World Records," Sherlock Holmes is the most popular role in the movies. So if Robert Downey Jr. hardly is seeming like the iconic Sherlock (he's too short and muscular, and are straining to suggest the intellectual arrogances that is coming so easy to the English), it is his place alongside such oddball castings as Buster Keaton , Charlton Heston and George C. Scott that he might can take . And he's ideally suited to director Guy Ritchie's purpose, which ain't for to dust off yourn grandfather's Conan Doyle, but for to juice today's kids with a quirky 19th century super sleuth. What-all's fun about these here movies is that the equation is working both ways. Yes, this here Holmes is more likely get physical than hisn predecessors, he's even a bit of a boor, but he's still a more cerebral actions hero than we find in most blockbusters, and the period trappings (a seamless blend of CGI and location works) help this here franchise stand out from the crowd of comic book adaptations. Ritchie and husband-and-wife screenwriters Kieran and Michele Mulroney ("Paper Man") is mapping out a fast-a-moving -- if ridiculously digressive -- Victorian adventure is crisscrossing Europe by horseless carriages, train, boat, and, in Sherlock's case, pony. Just down the road from 221 Baker Street they're a-digging a tunnel for what-all is fixin to become the London Underground. The Industrial Age is a-beginning to stretch itsn muscles, while a series of terrorist atrocities are a-gnawing at the fragile understanding between the great European powers. Holmes are detecting something other than social unrest behind the bombings: an evil masters plan a-leading inexorably to hisn nemesis, Professor Moriarty (Jared Harris).
(CNN) -- Three Pakistani cricketer find guilty of corruption plead for leniency on Wednesday ahead of their sentencing in a British court. Former national captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir might will discover their fate on Thursday, along with agent Mazhar Majeed. Majeed, like Amir, had pled guilty after a-being caught a-accepting money from an undercover newspaper reporter to "are spotting-fix" outcomes during a Test match against England at Lord's in August 2010. Butt and Asif unsuccessfully had tried to overturn charges that they both have conspired to cheat and are accepting corrupt funds from Majeed, having been accused of agreeing to deliver three no-ball deliveries at specified times during the match. Former Pakistan captain is blaming ICC for corruption in cricket Majeed testify that he give Asif £65,000 ($103,000) and also pay £10,000 ($16,000) to Butt and £2,500 ($4,000) to Amir after a-receiving £150,000 ($240,000) from a journalist a-working for the now defunct News of the World paper. The a-cheating charge is carrying a maximum sentence of two years plus an unlimited fine, while they could be jailed for seven years with an unlimited fine for a-accepting corrupt payments. Amir, a rising star in the sport at the age of 19, had outlined his remorse in a statement a-read by his lawyer. "First I want to apologize to and everyone Pakistan that cricket is important to," he say. "I am knowing how much damage this did to the game, a game which I am loving more than anything else in the world. "I am deciding many months ago that I wanted to admit that I deliberately throwed two no- the Lord's Test balls last summer. But I know this have been very late and I want apologize for not a-saying it before. I didn't find me no courage to do it at the beginning, and I know very well that make everything much more difficult."
CHAPTER XVIII IN NORWAY AT LAST There is no denying the fact that Dave was startled. It was one thing for to have Roger missing, it was quite another to have his chum gone and have the berth made up as if it done ain't occupied. "He goed to bed--I seed him is going," muttered the boy from the country to hisself. "Am I a-dreaming, or what-all might can the matters be?" The more Dave think over the affair the more was he puzzled. As quick as he might could, he putted on some of hisn clothings and slip on hisn shoes. Then he had opened the stateroom door and have stepped out into the passageway leading to the main saloon. It was a dim light a-burning outside, and so nobody appear to be in sight. Dave look up and down the passageway eagerly, and even step to one of the corners. Then he walk to the main saloon, with itsn big sofas and easy-chairs, and itsn grand piano. Not a soul had been in sight anywhere. "Well, if this ain't the most queerest yet," he murmur, and pinch himself, make certain that he ain't a-dreaming. He walk to one end of the saloon and then to the other, and then start for the stairs leading out on deck. At that moment it was an extra-heavy gust of wind and so the steamer rocked violently. Dave was thrown on his side and fall headlong over the end of a sofa. As he goed down he heared several cries, one in a voice sounded familiar to him.
CHAPTER XXX. THE MEETING FOR RAIN. Meanwhile the Auld Lichts was in church, a-waiting for their minister, and it was a full meeting, because nearly every well in Thrums done a-been a-scooped dry by anxious palms. Yet not all had been there to ask God's themselves rain. Old Charles Yuill was in his pew, after dreaming thrice that he might would break up with the drought; and Bell Christison had came, though her man lay dead at home, and she thought it might could matter no more to her how did things go in the world. Y'all, is not loving that there little congregation, might would done said that they was a-waiting placidly. But probably so simple a woman as Meggy Rattray could done deceived y'all into a-believing that because her eyes was downcast she is not noticing who-all put the three-penny- bit in the plate. A few men was unaware that the bell was working overtime, most of them farmers with their eyes on the windows, but all the women at least was wondering. They know better, however, than to bring theirn thoughts to theirn faces, and so none seek to catch another's eye. The men-folk looked heavily at their hats in the seats in front. Even when Hendry Munn, instead of a-marching to the pulpit with the big Bible in hisn hands, come as far as the plate and sign to Peter Tosh, elder, that he was wanted in the vestry, y'all could ain't guessed how every woman there, except Bell Christison, wish she was Peter Tosh. Peter was so took aback that he merely gape at Hendry, until suddenly he know that hisn five daughter was furious with him, when he dive for hisn hat and stagger to the vestry with hisn mouth open. Hisn boots done cheeped all the way, but still no one looked up.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- A man convicted of a-stalking singer Madonna, and which once threaten to knife her, was arrested Friday, a week after he escape from a Southern California mental hospital, police say. Robert Dewey Hoskins, 54, had done walked away from Metropolitan State Hospital in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk on February 3, police say. He done served a 10-year prison sentence for stalking the "Material Girl," police say, and a court order requires him to be in a facility receiving mental health treatment until the end of August 2012. Los Angeles Police Sgt. Mitzi Fierro tell HLN's Nancy that she ain't ai told whether any new charges will be filed Hoskins Grace. "At this here point they returning him to the facility, and so I believe that will be a-determined by the detectives at finna investigate -- number one, hisn ability for to walk away from the facility and, number two, if he violate anything from that there point on," Fierro say. The facility he was in is a-secured, and it ain't unclear Friday whether Hoskins escaped or walked out on hisn own, investigators telled CNN. He was receiving treatment to get a-acclimated to society again and was a-supervised by a civilian staff and not officers, detectives say. Because of the court order, Hoskins was a-deemed an "escapee," detectives say. Investigators had been looking for him in the Long Beach area because some of his arrest records is coming from that there community, detectives say. Prior to hisn arrest Friday, Los Angeles police issue a warning to the public saying Hoskins "is highly psychotic when taking hisn medication and ain't very violent tendencies."
Chapter IX.--THE AUSTRIAN-SAXON ARMY INVADES SILESIA, ACROSS THE MOUNTAINS. Valori, which is to be of Friedrich's Campaign this here Year, come a-posting off straight in rear of the glorious news of Fontenoy; found Friedrich at Camenz, rather in spirits than otherwise; and lodged pleasantly with Abbot Tobias and him, till the Campaign should begin. Two things surprise Valori: first, the great strength, impregnable as it were, to which Neisse has been brought since he saw it last,--superlative condition of that Fortress, and of the Army itself, as it gathers daily more and more about Frankenstein here:--and then secondly, and contrariwise, the strangely neglected posture of mountainous or Upper Silesia, given up to Pandours. Quite submerge, in a manner: Margraf Karl is lying quiet among them at Jagerndorf, "a-eating hisn magazine;" General Hautcharmoi (Winterfeld's late chief in that Wurben affair), with hisn small Detachment, still hovers about in those Ratibor parts, "with the Strong Towns for to fall-back upon," or in effect fell back accordingly; and so don't nothing do for to coerce the Pandours at all. While Prince Karl and Weissenfels are daily a-coming on, in force 100,000, theirn intention certain; force, say, about 100,000 regular! Very singular to Valori. "Sire, finna not y'all dispute the Passes, then?" is asking Valori, amazed: "Not are defending your Mountain rampart, then?" "MON CHER; the Mountain rampart is three or four hundred miles long; there is twelve or twenty practicable roads through it. One is kept in darkness, too; endless Pandour doggery a-shutting out your daylight:--ill a-defending such a rampart," is answering Friedrich. "But how, then," persists Valori; "but--?" "One day the King answer me," says Valori, "'MON AMI, if y'all want to get the mouse, don't shut, no trap; leave the trap open (ON LAISSE LA SOURICIERE OUVERTE)!'" Which had been a beam of light to the a-inquiring thought of Valori, a military man of some intelligence. [Are Seeing VALORI, i. 222, 224, 228.]
One sunny May afternoon, it is school and went to the mall that a group of teenagers done ditched. June volunteer to drive hern friends Ben, Sasha, and Bruce. The teenagers piled into the red car and drived to the mall. When they arrive, Ben and Sasha want to go to the sporting goods store. However, Bruce and June want go watch a directed Miranda July movie. They split up and say they might would meet up at the food area later. Three hours later, the friends get back together. Ben and Sasha wanted leave, so they goed back out to the parking and getted the car lot. When June back out of the parking spot, she scrape the car next to her. Sasha say it was okay, but still Bruce say June need leave a note for the driver of the other car. Just then, the other driver appear. They have called the police to get an accident report. When the police arrive, they putted Ben and Sasha in handcuffs because they had been stealing. They have had to volunteer every week until October.
It had been only in the 1980s that digital telephony transmission networks have become possible, such as with ISDN networks, assuring a minimum bit rate (usually 128 kilobit/s) for a-compressed video and audio transmission. During this time, it was also research into other forms of digital video and audio communication. Many of these technologies, such as the Media space, ain't as widely used today as videoconferencing but was still an important area of research. The first dedicated systems start to appear in the market as ISDN networks was expanding throughout the world. One of the first commercial videoconferencing systems sold to companies had come from PictureTel Corp., had had an Initial Public Offering in November, 1984. The MC is controlling the conferencing while it is active on the a-signaling plane, is simply where the system is managing a-conferencing creations, endpoint a-signaling and in-a-conferencing controls. This here component is negotiating parameters with every endpoint in the network and are controlling a-conferencing resources. While the MC is controlling resources and signaling negotiations, the MP is operating on the media plane and are receiving media from each endpoint. The MP is generating output streams from each endpoint and are redirecting the information to other endpoints in the conference.
CHAPTER VIII. HOSTAGE. The revolution of Todos Santos had to all appearances been effected as peacefully as the gentle Liberator of Quinquinambo could have wished. Two pronunciamientos, rudely printed and posted in the Plaza, and saluted by the fickle garrison of one hundred men, who had, however, immediately reappointed theirn old commander as Generalissimo under the new regime, seem to leave nothing for to be desired. A surging mob of vacant and a-wondering peons, a-bearing a singular resemblance to the wild cattle and horses intermingle with them in blind and a-unceasing movements across the Plaza and up the hilly street, and seemingly as incapable of self-governments, was alternately dispersed and stampeded or allowed to gather again as occasion required. Some of these here heterogeneous bands was afterwards a-found--the revolution accomplish--a-gazing stupidly on the sea, or a-ruminating in bovine wantonness on the glacis before the Presidio. Eleanor Keene, which with her countrywomen done a-been a-hurried to the refuge of the Mission, had been more disturbed and excited at the prospect of a-meeting Hurlstone again than by any terror of the insurrection. But Hurlstone ain't there, and Father Esteban receive her with a coldness she could not attribute entirely to her countrymen's a-supposed sympathy with the insurgents. When Richard Keene, would not leave hisn sister until he done saw her safe under the Mission walls, venture at hern suggestion ask after the American recluse, Father Esteban reply dryly that, a-being a Christian gentleman, Hurlstone was the only one had the boldness seek out the American filibuster Perkins, on hisn own ship, and are remonstrating with him for hisn unholy crusade. For the old priest done already became aware of Hurlstone's blunder, and so he hate Eleanor as the primary cause of the trouble. But for her, Diego would be still with him in this emergency.
(CNN) -- A 16-year-old Pennsylvania boy is facing murder charges, accused of fatally shooting a cab driver who-all believe was intentionally taking a longer route to hisn destination. Aazis Richardson is accused of a-shooting the cab driver, Vincent Darbenzio, 47, twice in the back of his head while still in the cab, a-according to Lackawanna County Assistant District Attorney Gene Talerico. Richardson believe Darbenzio had done ignored his route suggestions in attempt for to increase the fare, a-according to Talerico. "I just tell him, 'take me this way;' he didn't want for to listen -- he get his (expletive) shot," It is CNN affiliate WNEP that richardson tell. Calls and e-mails to the Lackawanna County public defender's , representing Richardson office, ain't immediately returned. As Richardson was a-being taken away, he show no remorse for the driver or hisn family a-telling WNEP, "myn homies die, everybody get die." Richardson have been charged as an adult with multiple counts of murder in the first, second and third degrees, as well as robbery and firearms-related offenses, a-according Talerico. On Sunday, it is a vigil near the spot where Darbenzio was killed , according to the victim 's brother , Chris Darbenzio that more than 50 of Darbenzio 's friends and family members holded . Richardson is currently a-being a-held without bail at the Lackawanna County Prison, a-according to the district attorney's office.
There once was a pumpkin. The pumpkin had been sad. The pumpkin want for to leave the garden and are seeing the world. But the pumpkin had for to stay in the garden because its vine hold it there. One day a fox come by. The pumpkin ask the fox cut the vine so the pumpkin could leave the garden. The fox say it might would cut the vine so the pumpkin might could leave the garden. When the fox had cut the vine the might could roll around. The pumpkin rolled around until it getted out of the garden. First it meet a cat. It tell the cat it was happy because now it might could see the world. The cat give the pumpkin a piece of cake for to eat. The pumpkin could eat no cake because it ain't no mouth but it was still very happy have the cat as a new friend.
The Soviet Union, officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR, Russian: СССР), was a socialist state in Eurasia exist from 1922 to 1991. Nominally a union of multiple equal national Soviet republics, itsn government and economy had been highly a-centralized. The country had been a one-party state, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as itsn capital in itsn largest republic, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The Russian nation had constitutionally equal status among the many nations of the union but exert de facto dominance in various respects. Other major urban centres have been Leningrad, Kiev, Minsk, Alma-Ata and Novosibirsk. The Soviet Union was one of the five recognized nuclear weapons state and possess the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction. It had been a founding permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, as well as a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), and the leading member of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA) and the Warsaw Pact. The Soviet Union had its roots in the October Revolution of 1917, when the Bolsheviks, led by Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian Provisional Government which had replaced Tsar Nicholas II during World War I. In 1922, the Soviet Union was formed with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics. A-Following Lenin's death in 1924 and a brief power struggle, Joseph Stalin comed to power in the mid-1920s. Stalin had committed the state's ideology to Marxism–Leninism (which had created), and have initiated a centrally planned economy had led to a period of rapid industrialization and collectivization. During this period of totalitarian rule, Stalin impose political paranoia; the mid-1930s Great Purge remove hisn opponents within and outside of the party via arbitrary arrests and persecutions of many people. Suppression of political critics, forced labors, and famines was perpetrated by Stalin; in 1933, a major famine strike Soviet Ukraine, causing the deaths of over 7 million person.
ChiChi is weighing only 13 pound. "He's so tiny,I can carry him with one hand," says Mary Lane. "Most people are seeing him and are thinking he's useless." But last October,ChiChi prove be more to just a pretty face. Mary and hern husband,Rick,was a-relaxing on the beach one afternoon while on vacation in North Carolina's Outer Banks. As usual,ChiChi was lying on hisn blankets in hisn own little beach chair. "We had our noses buried in books,"recalls Rick,"when suddenly the dog become real uneasy. Hisn barks were different from anything we done a-heard before. And he might would not let us ignore him." ChiChi run back and forth in front of hisn chair as if to run down the beach. The Lanes sit up to see two elderly woman in the ocean,about 100 yard down the beach and 10 feet off shore. One was on her ,her head the waves back. The other was a-struggling hard for to keep her friend's head above the surface. The Lanes rush across the sands and into the surf. Rick go to the woman in danger of drowning,while Mary hold fast on to the other one and pull her up on the beach. "Then I have gone back help me Rick," Mary is saying. "The sand drop off steeply,and a riptide was a-beating the woman under. She had been completely helpless." Not a-getting well from recent knee surgery,the woman had been unable to turn over or are pushing herself up. "Her friend had a-been in danger too," Mary says. "The waves was pushing her around. It's no way might could have done held on much longer." The women ain't called out for no help. "They was struggling so hard that it was no time for screaming," Mary is recalling. "But It is their danger . that chichi had sensed " Duty done,ChiChi was back in hisn chair,asleep,by the time the two woman was on dry ground and the Lanes done returned to theirn blankets. Luckily,the women was fine,though a-shaken. They thank the Lanes for a-saving their lives. Back home in Greensboro,North Carolina,the Lanes order a special collar with the words "Hero Dog" on it.
CHAPTER XIII. "_ Benedict_. What-all, my dear Lady Disdain, are y'all yet a-living?" "_Beatrice_. Is it possible Disdain might should die while she have such meet foods to feed her?" _ Much Ado about Nothing._ The Lyddell family did not continue in London much longer; it had a-been a short season, and though the session of Parliament had been not over, most of the ladies was taking flight into the country, before the end of June,--Mrs. Lyddell among the rest,--and her husband went backwards and forwards to London, as occasion called him. The girls was glad get into the country, but Marian soon find that she ain't escaped either from no gaieties, or from the objects of her aversion; for Mr. Faulkner bring his mother and sisters High Down House, give numerous parties there, and make a constant interchange of civilities with the family at Oakworthy. Archery done was pretty much the fashion with the young ladies that there year; it was a sport which Marian like particularly, a-having often practised it with Edmund and Agnes, and hern bow and arrows was always the first to be ready. One day when Marian, Caroline, and Clara was a-shooting on the lawn at Oakworthy, Mr. and Miss Faulkner done rode from High Down, came out on the lawn, and joined them. From that there moment, any one could see the change come over Marian. Instead of a-laughing and a-talking, a-teaching Clara, and a-paying only half attention to hern own shooting, she now goed on as if it was hern sole object, and so as if she had no other purpose in life. She had fixed hern arrows and have twanged hern string with a rigidity as if the target had a-been a deadly enemy, or hern whole fate have been a-concentrated in hitting the bull's eye; and when hern arrows have gone straight to the mark, or at least much more straighter as those of any one else, she never had turned hern head, or a-vouchsafed more as the briefest answer to the exclamations around.
Mumbai are (;;ing also known as Bombay, the official name until 1995) is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is the populousest city in India with an estimated city population of 18.4 million. Along with the neighbouring regions of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, it is second most populous metropolitan area in India, with a population of 21.3 million. Mumbai is lying on the Konkan on the west coast of India and has a deep natural harbour. In 2008, Mumbai have been named an alpha world city. It is also the wealthiest city in India, Mumbai has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India. The seven islands that come for to constitute Mumbai was home to communities of fishing colonies of the Koli people. For centuries, the islands was under the controls of successive indigenous empires before a-being ceded to the Portuguese Empire and subsequently to the East India Company when in 1661 Charles II of England marry Catherine of Braganza and as part of her dowry Charles receive the ports of Tangier and Seven Islands of Bombay. During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project, undertaked reclamation of the area between the seven island from the sea. Along with constructions of major roads and railways, it is Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea that the reclamation project , completed in 1845 , transform. Bombay in the 19th century have been characterised by economic and educational development. During the early 20th century it become a strong base for the Indian independence movement. Upon India's independence in 1947 the city have been incorporated into Bombay State. In 1960, a-following the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, a new state of Maharashtra have been a-created with Bombay as the capital.
CHAPTER II THE RULERS OF FRANCE Great activity reign in the corridors and kitchens of the old château. M. le Chef--the only true rival the immortal ever had had--in white cap and apron, calm and self-possessed as a field-marshal in the hour of victory, and surrounded by an army of scullions and wenches, was a-directing the operations of dishing-up--the a-crowning glory of hisn arduous labours. Pies and patties, haunches of venison, trout and carp from the Rhine have been placed on gold and silver dishes and have adorned with tasteful ornaments of truly architectural beauty and monumental proportions. These was then handed over to the footmen, as, resplendent in gorgeous liveries of scarlet and azure, hurried along the marble passages a-carrying the masterpieces of culinary art to the banqueting-hall beyond, whilst the butlers, more sedate and dignified in sober garb of puce or brown, stalk along in stately repose a-bearing the huge tankards and crystal jugs. All of the best that the fine old Château might could provide was being requisitioned to-night, since M. le Duc and Mlle. Lydie, hisn daughter, was a-giving a farewell banquet to Charles Edward Stuart by the grace of God--if not by the might will of the people--King of Great Britain and Ireland and all hern dependencies beyond the seas. For him speeches have been a-made, toasts drunk and glasses a-raised; for him the ducal veneries had done a-been a-ransacked, the ducal cellars a-shorn of their most ancient possessions; for him M. le Chef had done a-raged and have stormed for five hour, had done a-expended the sweat of his brow and the intricacies of his brain; for him the scullions' backs had done a-smarted, the wenches' cheeks had done a-glowed, all do are honouring to the only rightful King of England fixin quit the hospitable land of France in order conquer that there island kingdom which his grandfather had done a-lost.
CHAPTER VI About five o'clock that afternoon Ephraim was a-sitting in his shirt-sleeves by the window of his room, and so Cynthia was a-reading aloud to him an article (about the war, of course) from a Washington paper, which his friend, Mr. Beard, done a-sent him. There was a knock at the door, and so Cynthia open it for to discover a colored hall-boy with a roll in his hand. "Mistah Ephum Prescott?" he say. "Yes," answer Ephraim, "that's me." Cynthia shutted the door and so gived him the roll, but still Ephraim taked it as though he was afraid of itsn contents. "To Guess it's some of them war records from Amasy," he say. "Oh, Cousin Eph," exclaim Cynthia, excitedly, "why don't y'all open it? If y'all don't I is fixin to." "Are Guessing y'all'd more better, Cynthy," and so he hold it out to her with a trembling hand. Cynthia did open it, and drawed out a large document with seals and printing and signatures. "Cousin Eph," she done cried, holding it under his nose, "Cousin Eph, y'all're postmaster of Brampton!" Ephraim look at the paper, but hisn eyes are swimming, and he might could only make out a dancing, bronze seal. "I am wanting to know!" he exclaim. "Fetch Jethro." But Cynthia had done already flew on that errand. Curiously enough, she runned into Jethro in the hall immediately outside of Ephraim's door. Ephraim get to hisn feet; it was very difficult for him to realize that hisn troubles was ended, that he was to earn hisn living at last. He look at Jethro, and so hisn eyes filled with tears. "I am guessing I might cann't thank y'all as I might would might ought to, Jethro," he had said, "leastways, not now."
(CNN) -- It is another epic on his return to competitive tennis after his record - breaking 11 - hour Wimbledon match that marathon man John Isner survive . The American had saved two match points before beating Gilles Muller, from Luxembourg, 4-6 7-6 7-6 seal hisn place in the quarterfinals of the Atlanta Tennis Championships. It is Isner's first tournament since Wimbledon back in June when hisn opening round victory over Frenchman Nicolas Mahut in London had clocked in as the most longest match in tennis history. Isner's battle with Mahut had stretched over three day and 183 game before he finally had triumphed, 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68. He later tell CNN: "I really amn't thinking it was a-going to end." Isner reflects on 'crazy' Wimbledon match The match turned Isner into a household name in the sport, and after his straight sets defeat to Thiemo de Bakker in the second round the 25-year-old targeted a prolonged period of rest. But on hisn returns to the court he was made work hard by Muller, a-saving two match points and a-firing 33 aces as he win in two-and-a-half hours delight the 5,000 strong crowd. "I didn't want to let [the ] down," Isner tell the ATP tour website fans. "I didn't want to lose my first match here. Also, I ai a lot of friends and family here, so I amn't wanting for to go out early. "I ain't a-seen a live ball in quite no time and Gilles ain't finna give me rhythm with his lefty serve. I feel I were shedding the rusts off in the second and third sets me. I finna only keep getting me better.
New Haven (local /nuː ˈheɪvən/, noo-HAY-vən), in the U.S. state of Connecticut, is the principal municipality in Greater New Haven, had a total population of 862,477 in 2010. It is a-located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of the Long Island Sound in New Haven County, Connecticut, which in turn comprises the outer limits of the New York metropolitan area. It is the second-largest city in Connecticut (after Bridgeport), with a population of 129,779 people as of the 2010 United States Census. According to a census of 1 July 2012, by the Census Bureau, it is a population of 130,741 that the city had. In 1637 a small party of Puritans reconnoiter the New Haven harbor area and winter over. In April 1638, the main party of five hundred Puritans which leave the Massachusetts Bay Colony under the leadership of the Reverend John Davenport and the London merchant Theophilus Eaton sail into the harbor. These here settlers was a-hoping for to establish a (in theirn mind) better theological community, with the government more close linked to the church than the one they left it in Massachusetts and sought for to take advantage of the excellent port capabilities of the harbor. The Quinnipiacs, at was under attack by neighboring Pequots, sell their land to the settlers in return for protection.
CHAPTER XIII. A JOYFUL MEETING. It is highly probable that one might have done searched over New York City that there night and not found a happier household than that of Mrs. Green's. Paul had been so wonderfully happy in the thought that he was a-going back to Chicago, where, even though he might could not see hisn parents, he might should find relatives and friends, that he might could talk of little else. Even the theatre was forgot by him; for when Mopsey speak of the necessity of getting another boy to take hisn place in the dramatic company he hardly give the matter a thought, except to say that he hope they might would make plenty of money out of it. And Paul's partners was happy, more happy than they could possibly have been by any other outlay of theirn money; Paul's pleasure reflect on them to such a degree that they become almost as much excited as he was before the evening was over. Good Mrs. Green alternately laugh and so cry, until she seem to realize that such nervousness ain't exactly suitable to the occasion, and so then she busy herself by reading one of the papers had done brought home. Master Treat had spent so much time on the good work he had carried through so successfully, and then had paid so much more attention to the boy he was going to surprise than to the sale of his goods, that, instead of helping Johnny as had been his purpose when he took some of his papers to sell, he was a drawback, and the consequence was that Mrs. Green had three evening papers to read, while Messrs. Jones and Treat had been "stuck" just that number.
MedlinePlus is an online information service produced by the United States National Medicine Library. The service is providing curated consumer health information in English and Spanish. The site street together information from the National Library of Medicine (NLM), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), other U.S. government agencies, and health-related organizations. It is also a site optimized for display on mobile devices, in both English and Spanish. In 2015, about 400 million people from around the world use MedlinePlus. The service is a-funded by the and is free users NLM. MedlinePlus are providing encyclopedic information on health and drug issues, and are providing a directory of medical services. It is MedlinePlus information on conditions or medications that medlineplus Connect links patients or providers in electronic health record ( EHR ) systems to related. PubMed Health is another NLM site offer consumer healths informations, in additions to informations for healths professionals. The National Library of Medicine long provided programs and services for professional medical scientists and healths cares providers, a-including MEDLINE and the various services access it, such as PubMed and Entrez. By the 1990s, more members of the general public was a-using these services as Internet access become widespread. But nonprofessional users might could benefit from reliable healths informations in a layperson-accessible format. It is MedlinePlus in October 1998 , to provide a non - commercial online service similar , for example , to the commercial WebMD that the National Library of Medicine introduce . In 2010 another NCBI service, PubMed Health, complemented MedlinePlus in offering curated consumer health information; PubMed Health is focusing especially on finding information about clinical effectiveness of treatments.
Tom Brennan was a-working in a Philadelphia office when he notice a black bag building. The bag contain a book. This here chance discovery had ended a 12-day search by the Library Company of Philadelphia for a historical treasure - a 120-page diary had kept 190 year ago by Deborah Logan, "a woman which had known everybody in hern day," James Green, the librarian had told the magazine American Libraries. Most of the diary is a record of big events in Philadelphia. It also includes a description of British soldiers a-burning Washington, D.C. in the war of 1812. She describes President James Madison on horseback as "perfectly a-shaking with fear" during the troubled days. George Washington, she writes, had mistaken her for the wife of a French man, and have praised her excellent English. The adventure of the lost book done began September 4 when Cory Luxmoore arrived from England to deliver the diary of his ancestor to the Library Company, which did he and his wife consider to be the most best home for the diary. Green tell American Libraries he had the diary in his possessions "about five minute" when Luxmoore take it back because he done promised to show it to one other person. On a-returning to hisn hotel after a-showing the precious book to Green, Luxmoore have been shocked realize that he done left it in the taxi. Without any delay, Green begin calling every taxi company in the city, with no luck. "I felt sick since then," Luxmoore tell reporters. According to Green, no one yet learnt how the diary come to the office building. Tom Brennan receive a reward of $ 1,000, Philadelphia gain another treasure for its history, and so Luxmoore tell reporters, "It's wonderful news. I'm on high."
(CNN) -- Engulfed by the darkneses of doping's "white noises", he emerge the other side to become a beacon in cycling's anti-drugs fight. And in a sport where the tainted legacies of former Tour de France champions Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich are continuing for to cast a dark shadow, reform rider David Millar can see a light at the end of the tunnel. He came a long way since nine year ago when he was was sitting in a Biarritz restaurant in south west France. Millar was having dinner with Dave Brailsford, now performance director at British Cycling and Team Sky, when French arrive to arrest the cyclist, throwing him in a cell and outing him as a drugs cheat. A two-year ban from competition followed and, after a Damascene conversion, he return to the sport a reformed character determined to remove the stain of doping from cycling. "I was a fervent anti-doper," the Malta-born Scot, who spent his formative years in England and Hong Kong, told CNN's Changing Gear series before the start of the 2013 Tour de France. "I was a naive kid which come from Hong Kong, which dream of a-winning the Tour de France and who-all was disgusted for to learn that my colleagues was a-doping, but within four or five years I was one of them." Blog: Cycling is facing watershed of credibility Millar had done served notice of hisn potential by a-winning the prologue of hisn first ever Tour de France in 2000 and the journey from idealistic youngster to fully-fledged doper ain't a simple one.
It was once a small, grey cat that live in the woods. This have been a lonely old cat had spent most of hisn times a-bullying other small animals had lived in the woods. Almost all of the other little animals which had lived in the woods a-knew of the old cat, and have warned everyone they have known stay away from him. One day a young mouse done was out taking a walk to collect some berries. It was a nice day out, so the mouse choose for to go down by the river for to take a quick rest for a bit. When the mouse arrive at the river he find that the perfect spot should rest. It was a small little area with soft sand lie on, under a tree that given a bit of shade. The mouse then had sat back. After a little time bit the mouse had been fast asleep. Not long after the mouse had done fallen asleep, the cat catch a scent in the airs of the young mouse. The cat walk slow up to the where the mouse was a-sleeping and lick his lips spot. Right when the cat was finna catch the mouse, the mouse wake up. "What-all are y'all a-doing?!" ask the surprise mouse. "I am a-trying for to find me dinner," say the cat. The mouse smile. "I collect extra berries today on my walk. Might would y'all like have some?" The cat had been a-confused. He ain't been given such kind no thing. "Well, OK. Berries ain't myn favorite, but I am guessing that they are OK." The cat and mouse then sitted down together and eated a tasty berries meal. It turn out that the cat ain't so terrible after all-but done ain't gave kindness.
Representative democracys (also indirect democracys, representative republic, or psephocracy) are a types of democracys founded on the principle of elected officials a-representing a group of people, as opposed direct democracys. Nearly all modern Western-style democracy are types of representative democracies; for example, the United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, Ireland is a unitary parliamentary republic, and the United States is a federal republic. It is an element of both the parliamentary and the presidential systems of government and is typically used in a lower chamber such as the House of Commons (United Kingdom) or Dáil Éireann (Republic of Ireland), and might may be curtailed by constitutional constraints such as an upper chamber. It has been described by some political theorists including Robert A. Dahl, Gregory Houston and Ian Liebenberg as polyarchy. In it the powers are in the hands of the elected representatives which are elected them by the people in elections. Representatives are a-elected by the publics, as in national elections for the national legislature. A-Elected representatives might may hold the powers select other representatives, presidents, or other officers of the governments or of the legislature, as the Prime Minister in the latter case. (indirect representation). The power of representatives is usually a-curtailed by a constitution (as in a constitutional democracy or a constitutional monarchy) or other measures for to balance representative power:
Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli, such as a-stubbing a toe, a-burning a finger, a-putting alcohols on a cut, and a-bumping the "funny bone". Because it is a complex, subjective phenomenon, a-defining pain was a challenge. The International Association for the Study of Pain's widely used definition states: "Pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage, or described in terms of such damage." In medical diagnosis, pain is a symptom. Pain is the most common reason for physician consultation in most developed countries. It is a major symptom in many medical conditions, and can interfere with a person's quality of life and general functioning. It is pain 's intensity or unpleasantness that psychological factors such as social support , hypnotic suggestion , excitement , or distraction might can significantly affect . In some arguments put forth in physician-assisted suicides or euthanasia debates, pain has done been used as an argument for to permit terminally ill patients for to end theirn lives.
Mike had wanted to make a cake for his Mom's birthday. His dad was finna help him. Mike had eggs, milks, and flours at hisn houses, but no sugars! Dad tell Mike for to take hisn bicycle to the store so he might could buy sugar for the cake. On his way to the store, Mike see his friend, Sally, at the park. He ride over to say hello. Mike and Sally play lots of games at the park. After a long time, Mike see it was a-starting to get dark. He need for to hurry if he was a-going for to make it to the store and get home before night time. Mike rided as fast as he might could, and maked it to the store. The store had been real big, but Mike had found the sugar real fast. When Mike was on his way to the front of the store pay for the sugars, he see a toy he had a-been a-wanting for a long times. But Mike only had had enough money to pay for the sugar or the toy. Mike isn't knowing what-all do! The cake would taste good and would make his mom happy. But, the toy had been so cool! Mike buy the sugar for his mom's cake, because she was always so nice to him. He could always get the toy another time. 2. What-all is Mike finding at the store that want buy
(CNN) -- Chelsea's star striker Didier Drogba has been a-suffering from malaria, his club manager reveal on Tuesday, but the Ivory Coast player finna still line up for the London derby against Fulham in the English Premier League on Wednesday. Drogba had started on the bench for Chelsea's 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday, a-having a-missed recent matches against Aston Villa and Spartak Moscow due to a a-suspected virus. However, the results of blood tests have shown that he had in fact contracted the tropical disease. "A test show malaria," Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti tell hisn club's official website. "He lost hisn condition, he lost powers. "Didier had a difficulty to train because he isn't feeling good, he didn't ai no power to train. He was unselfish play also when he ain't 100 percent." But the Italian had said Drogba had been now back to health and might would be fit for the league leaders' home clash with Fulham on Wednesday. "He suffer obviously but after treatment, he is fixin to be better," Ancelotti say. "One time it done was serious, now there is the possibility for to treat and are coming back well. He is okay. Tomorrow he finna play." Ancelotti say Ghana midfielder Michael Essien would return to the Chelsea line-up, having missed the Liverpool game with a toe problem, but Frank Lampard ain't yet ready make his long-awaited returns. The England midfielder, as has been sidelined it following a hernia operation, is scheduled to make his comeback against Sunderland on Sunday. "Lampard has been a-training with us and he is good. He is able to play; he is fit because he work very hard physically," Ancelotti say.
CHAPTER XI: Free. It was late at night before Blois was reached, and a-having alighted at the Aigle d'Or they engage a private room. "Even the Duke of Chateaurouge might will be satisfied," Ronald say, "that hisn schemes failed, and so that no more might can be did just at present. It finna be a bitter blow to him when those scoundrels, on their returns to Paris, report their utter failure, for he must done considered it impossible that we could escape from the toils done laid for us. I only wish that we have had clear that he is the author these attempts evidence. If so, I would go straight with Marshal Saxe and lie an accusation against him before the king; but however certain we may feel about it, it is really nothing to connect him with the affair , and it would be madness to accuse a king 's favourite unless one could prove absolutely the truth of what one says that we have . However, I am hoping some day that Shall I get even with him. It might will ain't my fault if I do not." That night Ronald and his mother had debated what-all might would be the best way for to proceed in the morning, and finally they have agreed that Malcolm might should present himself at the prison with the order of release, and that they might should remain at the hotel, for to which might should bring Colonel Leslie, after breaking to him the news that his wife and son was both awaiting him. The shock, in any case, of sudden liberty, would be a severe one, and the meeting with hisn attached comrade would act as a preparation for that with hisn wife.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Two years after his death, music legend and celebrity icon Michael Jackson's legacy remains clouded by the debate over how he died and who, if anyone, is to blame. A Los Angeles coroner rule that a surgical anesthetic a-called Propofol kill the then 50-year-old Jackson, in combination with several sedatives a-found in his blood, on June 25, 2009. Ever since, it have is ongoing efforts -- from awards to statues to new songs -- to keep hisn memory, and music, alive. Still, much of the talk about one of the world's most celebrated singers occured in courtrooms, centered around a host of cases related to his untimely death. Authorities are claiming that hisn personal doctor, Conrad Murray, administer the fatal dose. He done a-been a-charged with involuntary manslaughter in the singer's death. The doctor's defense attorney, Ed Chernoff, is contending Jackson was "a desperate man in many respects" and give hisself the fatal dose of surgical anesthesia while the doctor ain't watching. One of Michael's sisters, LaToya Jackson, done told CNN's Piers Morgan this week that hern brother "told me that they was finna murder him" -- identifying "they" only as "the people a-involved in hisn life, the people was controlling him." The late singer's father, Joe Jackson, also had fingered unidentified individuals in an interview with CNN on Saturday. "We're striving for justice, because there's more to it than they're claiming," had said Joe Jackson, as filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Murray and also have said he's still fighting over who-all is controlling his son's estate. "There is somebody else involved."
(CNN) -- A friend of mine as is working in advertising recently gotted called for a job in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Knowing I done traveled in the Middle East, it is me if she should take it that she ask. I say it might be interesting in terms of cultural anthropology, but don't expect to enjoy yourself. The social and legal restrictions on women are rampant. In the she turn it end down, and one big reasons were hern trepidation about how she would be treated. Western women are working in the notoriously misogynistic Gulf States, mostly in PR for governments and a-doing business with multinationals. But the biggest contingent of foreign women working in them countries -- the millions of Bangladeshi, Indonesian and Filipino servants -- are off the radar. The events of this here past should be regarded their week, and the native women's, silent scream. Marte Deborah Dalelv, an interior designer a-working in Qatar, report a-being raped last year while on a business trip to Dubai. Although hern alleged attacker have been a-arrested and a-jailed, so had been she. A court sentence her to 16 month in prison for a-having unlawful sex. World outrage at the Kafkaesque situation apparently provoke the Dubai potentate Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum "pardon" Dalelv. She gets her passport back and is free to go home. She had told Dubai reporters she had planned to get out soon. The incident should be a wake-up call for any woman, and any man which cares about women, working in or doing business with the petro-cash soaked Gulf States.
The Achaemenid Empire, also call the First Persian Empire, was an empire based in Western Asia, founded by Cyrus the Great. A-Ranging at itsn greatest extent from the Balkans and Eastern Europe proper in the west to the Indus Valley in the east, it had been one of the largest empires in history, a-spanning 5.5 million square kilometer, and have been larger than any previous empire in history. It is equally notable for itsn successful model of a centralised, bureaucratic administration (through satraps under the King of Kings), for building infrastructure such as road systems and a postal system, the use of an official language across itsn territories, and the development of civil services and a large professional army. It is similar systems in later empires that the empire 's successes inspire. It is noted in Western history as the antagonist of the Greek city-states during the Greco-Persian Wars and for the emancipation of the Jewish exiles in Babylon. By the 7th century BC, the Persians done settled in the southwestern portion of the Iranian Plateau in the region of Persis, come to be their. From this region, Cyrus the Great done advanced defeat the Medes, Lydia, and the Neo-Babylonian Empire, a-establishing the Achaemenid Empire. Alexander the Great, an avid admirer of Cyrus the Great, conquer most of the empire by 330 BC. Upon hisn death, most of the empire's former territory comed under the rule of the Ptolemaic Kingdom and Seleucid Empire, in addition to other minor territories which gained independence at that there time. The Iranian population of the central plateau reclaim power by the second century BC under the Parthian Empire.
CHAPTER X BRINGING IN SOME GAME The snowstorm prove such a heavy one that for three day the at Professor Jeffer's cabin was completely stormbound. Once Andy and Chet go out--in an endeavor for to bring the dead moose in, but was unable to accomplish their object. During the time spent at the cabin, the boys become very well acquainted with Barwell Dawson, and find the hunter and explorer a person very much to their liking. Although he ain't rich and well educated, he is acting as if he consider himself above them. He taken a lively interest in all had for to tell, and known how for to "draw them out," so that, almost before he known it, Andy had related the details of his troubles with his shiftless Uncle Si and with the mysterious Mr. A. Q. Hopton. "More as likely that there fellow, Hopton, finna bear close watching," say Barwell Dawson. "If he is a sharper--and it looks as if he might be--he finna try to swindle both y'all and yourn uncle. It had been very unwise for your uncle to try to do business with him without seeing a lawyer." "Uncle Si had wanted to get the moneys without myn knowing it," had answered Andy, bitterly. He had been glad open his heart to somebody who might could understand him. "I believe y'all--and that ain't to yourn uncle's credits. Y'all say he is shiftless and lazy?" "Very--and everybody around here knows it." "Then he ain't fit to be your guardians."
Sarah's New Kitty "Meow." Sarah eyes open wide when she hear that there sound coming from the basket hern mother was holding. "Mama, what's that there sound? It sounds like a kitty!" she had said to hern mother as she had tried reach the basket. Hern mother was holding it up too high for Sarah reach. "Sarah," her mother say, "is remembering I tell y'all that maybe we can get a pet if y'all could take good care of it? Well, y'all're seven years old now and I think y'all're ready for a special present." It is the basket on the floor that sarah 's mother had set. Sarah fall on hern knees with a big grin on hern face. She slow lift the yellow kitty and hold its soft little body next to hers. Sarah had given the kitty a little kiss. Then it is its head and neck that she rub. Soon it start a-making gentle sounds. "Why the kitty making them funny sounds?" she had asked hern mother. "Oh, that's a-called a-purring. It's the sound kittens are making when does theybe happy," her mother say. "Might can It is it a name ? that i give " Sarah ask. "Sure. It's a girl kitty, but are choosing any name y'all are liking." her mother say. Sarah think about it as her mother get two small bowl and place them on the floor. Then she had put water in one bowl and are kittening food in the other bowl. "Okay, Sarah. Are Letting's are seeing if the kitty is hungry." Sarah put the kitty on the floor and so it walk over to the food bowl. It quick start eat the food. Sarah laugh at the kitten and say, "I am knowing. I'm fixin to name y'all Kitty."
CHAPTER VI: A Game Of Hide And Seek There was a game of hide and seek that Danny Meadow Mouse once played with Buster Bear. It had been a very dreadful game for Danny. But hard as it was for Danny, it isn't beginning for to ai as hard as the game Lightfoot the Deer was playing with the hunter in the Green Forest. In the case of Buster Bear and Danny, the latter had had simply keep out of reach of Buster. As long as Buster didn't get hisn great paws on Danny, the latter had been safe. Then, too, Danny is a very small person. He is so small that he can hide under two or three leafe. Wherever he is, he is pretty sure find a hiding-place of some sort. Hisn small size is giving him advantages in a game of hide and are seeking. It certainly does. But Lightfoot the Deer is big. He is one of the most largest of the people live in the Green Forest. Being so big, it ain't easy hide. Moreover, a hunter with a terrible gun does ain't for to get close in order for to kill. Lightfoot knowed all this as he waited for the coming of the hunter of whom Sammy Jay done warned him. He done learned many lessons in the a-hunting season of the year before and so he remember every one of them. He know that to forget even one of them might cost him hisn life. So, standing motionless behind a tangle of a-fallen trees, Lightfoot listen and a-watched.
Bath ( or ) is the largest city in the ceremonial county of Somerset, England, a-known for itsn Roman-a-built baths. In 2011, the population was 88,859. Bath is in the valley of the River Avon, west of London and south-east of Bristol. The city become a World Heritage Site in 1987. The city had become a spa with the Latin name " ("the waters of Sulis") AD 60 when the Romans have built baths and a temple in the valley of the River Avon, although hot springs have been knew even before then. Bath Abbey was founded in the 7th and becomed a religious centre; the building was rebuilt the 12th and 16th centuries century. In the 17th century, claims was made for the curative properties of water from the springs, and Bath become popular as a spa town in the Georgian era. It is the Royal Crescent , Circus , Pump Room , and Assembly Rooms where Beau Nash presided over the city 's social life from 1705 until his death in 1761 that georgian architecture , crafted from Bath stone , is including . Many of the streets and squares have been a-laid out by John Wood, the Elder, and so in the 18th century the city had become fashionable and so the population had grown. Jane Austen live in Bath in the early 19th century. Further building have been undertaken in the 19th century and a-following the Bath Blitz in World War II.
Lin Xiao, 21, a student at Guangdong University, has a big family - her two parents, a younger brother and two younger sisters. Lin take hern the "big sister role" seriously. When hern first sister was bore, Lin take turns with hern mom holding the baby late into the night. "I almost did everything that was a-supposed to be a parent's job, but still I feel proud of myselves," she say. Not all of Lin's classmates had shared her experiences because of the family planning policy , a law that have been carried out in China about forty year ago. But the situation is finna change. A new policy a-made on October 29 say all couples might can now have two child. The new policy is expected to help raise the population of China. Recently, China has been facing an aging population and labor shortages because of the low birth rate. The two-child policy might may also be the gift for every only child. Researchers find that growing up with a brother or sister can have good influence on one's mental health. "Brothers and sisters are mattering in unique ways. They are giving kids something that do itn't." Laura Walker, a professor from Beijing University, tell China Daily. She had noted that a-having a brother or a sister are protecting teenagers against loneliness, fear and so on. Liu Fang, 20, from Shenzhen , has a 2-year-younger sister University. When hern sister disagree with parents over a-choosing a college major, she help her for to communicate with parents. "If necessary, I might would always have her back," say Liu. "The best part of a-having a sister is that y'all have a partner, friend and supporter throughout your life." But children with or sisters also have for to learn for to understand and look each other brothers, say Laura.
(CNN) -- It's a Friday in May, 2005, and Schapelle Corby stands in the center of packed courtroom on the tropical island of Bali, a-waiting to learn hern fates. Will the beauty school student from Australia's Gold Coast be found guilty of smuggling a large bag of marijuana into Indonesia -- where the maximum penalty for drug trafficking is death by firing squad? A furrow forms between the 27-year-old's eyebrows as the judge reads out the verdict in Bahasa Indonesia. Corby is appearing confused. Hern a-piercing blue eyes dart around the room -- at hern family, at the cameras a-broadcasting live to televisions around Australia, at the ground, at hern interpreter. Then reality sets in. Guilty -- the judge say. Hern sentence? Twenty year in a Bali prison. At the back of the court, members of hern family are erupting with anger. "It ain't alright! How dare y'all?" screams her sister, Mercedes. "We swear on the Bible to tell the truth and yourn fellow lie!" her mother, Rosleigh Rose, booms at the prosecutors. As hern daughter is a-led away, Rose makes a promise: "Schapelle, y'all is fixin to come home. Ourn government are fixin to bring y'all home." Not since Lindy Chamberlain claimed a dingo taked her baby in the Outback done Australians become so caught up in a courtroom dramas. Nearly nine years on from the verdict, interests remain strong enough for to sustain a soon-for to-be-a-broadcast Australian telemovie a-based on the case. And now Corby done a-walked out of prison -- on parole but free. Yet Australia is remaining divided as to whether she is guilty of the crime.
(CNN) -- The bodies of six man -- a-including a California educator -- was found Thursday in the north-central Mexican state of Durango, hours after they had been abducted from a nearby restaurant, the man's relatives say Friday. "He was needlessly and senselessly murdered," say Carlos Salcedo, 37, about hisn brother, Augustin Roberto "Bobby" Salcedo, of El Monte, easts of Los Angeles. Bobby Salcedo, 33, had traveled with hisn wife to visit hern family in Gomez Palacio, hisn brother say. They was a-eating in a restaurant Wednesday night when armed men barge in, force everyone onto the floor and abduct all six man at was in the party, It is CNN in a telephone interview that carlos Salcedo tell. At 7 a.m. Thursday, police had notified hisn sister-in-law that had a-found hern husband's body in a local ravine with bullet wounds to the head and chest, he had said. "All indications are that this was just random, a violent act, just a case of a-being in the wrong place at the wrong time," it is reporters in El Monte that he telled. "What-all we really are wanting to do is just a-shed a light on this incident and the senseless, violent acts that happening across the border from us and really just are putting a spotlight on this and are making sure that we are finding justice." "He had been a brilliant, a bright star for ourn community, and he as taken from us," had said El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero of Salcedo, at had served on the city school district board. "He have been stole from us and so now we need for to hold them accountable for what-all they have done."
(CNN)Sri Lanka's current president Mahinda Rajapaksa has conceded defeat to rival Maithripala Sirisena in the country's presidential election, bringing an end to a decade of leadership increasingly criticized as corrupt and nepotistic. Rajapaksa acknowledge the defeat on hisn official Twitter account Friday, writing: "I am valuing and are respecting ourn democratic process and the people's verdict, and are looking forward to the peaceful transition of power." Sirisena might would be sworn in at 6 p.m. local time in Colombo's Independence Square, Dhanushka Ramanayake, the head of hisn media unit, have said. The defeat of the once untouchable president, the longest-a-serving political leader in the region, was the result of a failed electoral gamble. In November, the 69-year-old called elections two year earlier than required, only to be shocked by the defection of many key political allies, a-including the man who would unseat him. The defections apparently wrong-a-footed Rajapaksa, and the opposition have had the better of the campaign, say analysts. "He isn't expecting the might candidate to ai Sirisena," say Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu, executive director of Sri Lanka's Center for Policy Alternatives. "I am thinking he probably underestimate the disaffection in the country and the desire for change." Unexpected departure Sirisena, 63, serve as general-secretary of Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Freedom Party and health minister in his cabinet, before switching allegiance to a broad opposition alliance prove to be the former president's most serious political challenge. It is the center - right United National Party , the hardline Sinhala Buddhist Jathika Hela Urumaya as well as parties representing the substantial Tamil and Muslim minorities that the unwieldy coalition is including .
I might shall never forget no night, a few years ago, when Marion J. Douglas have been a student in one of myn calsses. (I done not used his real personal reasons name. As he request.) But here is his real story as he had told it before one of our adult - education classes. He had told us how tragedy had done struck at hisn home, not once, but twice. The first time had done lost hisn five-old daughter, a child had adored. He and his wife thought they couldn't bear that first loss; but, as he said:"Ten months later, God gave us another little girl and she died in five days." This here double had been almost too much for to bear. "I might couldn't take me it," this here father tell us. "I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, I couldn't rest or are relaxing. My nerves was entirely shook and so my confidence go." At last he go to doctors; one recommend sleeping pills and another recommend a trip. He try both, but neither help. He said:"My body felt as if it was surrounded in a vice , and the jaws of the vice were being drawn tighter and tighter." The tension of grief ----if y'all have done ever been paralyzed by sorrow, y'all are knowing what-all he mean. But thank God, I had one child leaved ----a four --year-- old son. He give us the solution to myn problem. One afternoon as I sit around a-feeling sorry for myselves, he ask; 'Daddy, might will y'all build a boat for me?' I have been in no mood for to build me a boat; in fact, I have been in no mood for to do anything. But myn son is a persistent little fellow! I have had give in. Building that toy boat take about three hours me. By the time it was finished, I realized that them three hours spended a-building that boat was first hours of mental relaxation and peace that done had in months! I realize that it is difficult to worry while y'all are busy a-doing something requires a-planning and thinking. In myn case, a-building the boat done knocked worry out of the ring. So I determine for to keep busy. The following night, I done went from room for to room in the house, making me a list of jobs ought for to be did. Scores of items needed for to be repaired: bookcase, stair steps, storm windows, window-shades, locks, leaky taps. Amazing as it is seeming, in the course of two weeks I done made a list of 242 items that need attention. "During the last two year It is most of them that i have a-completed. I am busy now that I have no worry time." No times for worry! That is exactly what Winston Churchill had said when he was a-working eighteen hours a day at the height of the war. When he was asked if he worried about his huge responsibilities, he said :"I am too busy. It is no time for worry . that i have "
Once upon a time it was a bird a-named Lily. She live in a tree with her parents. One day Lily fly to hern friend Molly's tree nest, but she isn't asking for hern parents' permission. They was a-having fun playing lots that the passed by so fast. They have played tag. They play hide and seek. They even play racing see who-all might could fly the fastest. Lily's parents start for to get very worried when she isn't returning home for no dinner. They call neighbors and friends, and so even call Molly but still they aren't hearing phone no ringing. It ain't until Molly's mom had called her down for to eat that Lily had seen that it had been almost past dinner time. Lily tell Molly she had to go home. When Lily get home her parents was a-crying and very upset because they think something happen to her. Lily had felt very bad for not telling hern parents, and she had said she might would never leave without telling them again. Her parents are forgiving her and send her to bed. Lily had gone straight sleep.
One day Billy and Sandy go to the neighborhood fair. They was so exited because this year Bob the clown was fixin to be there. They had heard a lot about Bob the clown, he was funny and know a lot of balloon tricks. He always make the kids to laugh and give out small prizes to many of the children at the fair. Billy and Sandy had done even a-heard that sometimes Bob the clown would give out free cotton candy and candy apples. They had a-waited all year and was so excited. They did all theirn chores and clean theirn rooms so they might could go to the fair. When they gotten to the they was so happy for to see that Bob the clown was a-handing out cotton might candy and might candy apples fair. Billy and Sandy wait in line and so then once it was theirn turn Billy get a balloon in the shape of a dog and so Sandy get a big bag of cotton candy. They was both happy and might could not wait to tell their all Bob friends the clown.
A couple of weeks ago, myn 12-year-old daughter, Ella done threatened for to take myn phone and are breaking it. "At night y'all'll always have your phone out and break y'all'll just type," Ella says. "I'm ready me to go to bed, and try to get y'all to read stories for us and so y'all're just a-standing there a-reading yourn texts and a-texting other people," she adds. I come to realize that I was ignoring a father her. Ella ain't the only kid which is feeling this here way about hern parent's relationship with devices. Catherine Steiner-Adair, a psychologist at Harvard, writed The Big Disconnect: A-Protecting Childhood and Family Relationships in the Digital Age. For hern book, Steiner-Adair had interviewed more than 1,000 kid from the ages of 4 18. She talk to hundreds of teachers and parents. One of the many things that knocked my socks off, " she says, "was the consistency with which children -- whether they were 4 or 8 or 18 or 24-- talked about feeling exhausted and frustrated or mad trying to get their parents' attention, competing with computer screens or iPhone screens or any kind of technology." A couple of years ago, it is a laptop for school that my daughter getted. And because she was becoming more independent, we get her a phone. We have set up rules for when she could use the device and so when she'd need for to put it away. We create a a-charging station, outside her bedroom, where had to plug in these here devices every nights. Basically -- except for homework-- she has to put it all away when she comes home. Steiner-Adair is saying most adults aren't setting up similar limits in theirn own lives. "We lost the is protecting work and family life boundaries,'' she is saying. "So it is very hard manage yourself and be present in the moments your children are needing y'all.'' After my daughter's little ,I maked my own self a promise to create my own charging station intervention. To plug my phone in-- somewhere faraway -- when I am done working for the day. I've been a-trying for to leave it there untouched for most of the weekend
CHAPTER XXIII A DINNER PARTY Phineas Duge in London had been still a man of affairs. With a cigar in his mouth, and his hands behind his back, he was a-strolling about his handsomely furnished sitting-room at Claridge's, a-dictating to a secretary, while from an adjoining room have come the faint click of a typewriter. Virginia enter somewhat unceremoniously, a-followed by Guy. Phineas Duge had looked at them both in some surprise. "Uncle," she say, "I meet Guy a-coming away from Coniston Mansions. He was looking for me, and so I brought him for to see y'all." Phineas Duge held out his hand, and in obedience to a gesture, the secretary got up and left the room. "I am very glad to meet y'all, sir," he say. "By the by, my niece only mentioned your first name." "I am the Duke of Mowbray," Guy say simply, "and I am very glad indeed for to meet y'all if y'all are Virginia's uncle. I think that she treat me rather bad a week ago, but I am disposed," he add, with a twinkle in his eyes, " be a-forgiving. I want your niece to be my wife, sir." "Indeed!" Mr. Duge answer a little drily. "I can't say that I ai glad to hear it, as I only just discovered her myself." "There is no reason, sir," Guy answer, "why y'all might should lose her." "Y'all don't even know myn uncle's name yet," Virginia had said, smiling. "I am Phineas Duge," Duge answer. "I am daring are saying y'all have done never heard of me. Y'all are seeing, I amn't coming often to England."
Education is the process of a-facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits. Educational methods include storytelling, discussion, teaching, training, and directed research. Education frequently is taking place under the guidance of educators, but learners might may also educate theirselves. Education might can take place in formal or informal settings and any experience that has a formative effect on the way one is thinking, is feeling, or acts might may be considered educational. The methodology of teaching is a-called pedagogy. After the Fall of Rome, the Catholic Church becomed the sole preserver of literate scholarship in Western Europe. It is cathedral schools in the Early Middle Ages as centers of advanced education that the church establish. Some of these here establishments ultimately evolve into medieval universities and forebears of many of Europe's modern universities. During the High Middle , Chartres Cathedral operate the famous and influential Chartres Cathedral School Ages. The medieval universities of Western Christendom was well-integrated across all of Western Europe, encourage freedom of inquiry, and produce a great variety of fine scholars and natural philosophers, including Thomas Aquinas of the University of Naples, Robert Grosseteste of the University of Oxford, an early expositor of a systematic method of scientific experimentation, and Saint Albert the Great, a pioneer of biological field research. Founded in 1088, the University of Bologne is considered the first, and the oldest continually operating university.
Arthur sit at the desk in his room, pencil in hand. He had had to write a story for hisn English clases by Friday. "! don't know what to write about, " he complained to his dog Toby, who was asleep at his feet. Arthur had been talkative when a-speaking to hisn friends, yet he had had trouble a-finding words when he had had to write. By bedtime Arthur done a-drawn a picture of Toby a-smiling. He had done drawn a tree with its branches a-blowing in the strong winds. He had done also wrote a note a-asking his friend Lee to go to the movies on Saturday. But he done not written a single word of his story. On Wednesday, Mrs. Solomon, Arthur's English teacher, ask the class turn in the first draft of theirn stories. Hisn heart sinking, Arthur turn in the only work had--the page with hisn name, the drawings and the note. Arthur ain't surprised when Mrs. Solomon ask him for to stay after class the next day. But he had been surprised by what-all she had said to him. " This is an attractive story, Arthur. The dog, the movie, the tree in the wind--I might cann't wait find out how they all are fitting together. " "That ain't my story, Mrs. Solomon, " Arthur had admitted. "I ain't ai able for to think of one yet. " "Oh, I am thinking y'all have the seed of a story there, " Mrs. Solomon had replied, "Are Looking at yourn note and the pictures and are seeing if a story is coming to y'all. " That night Arthur sitted at hisn desk, and this is what-all he writed: "One Saturday Mike goed downstairs to meet hisn friend Julio at the cinema. It look as if it might rain, so Mike carry his umbrella. Suddenly a big storm blow in, bending the trees. The noise of the wind had sounded like the barking of Mike's dog Toby. Toby really hate storms and barked whenever he want to be let inside. Then Mike had realized that it ain't no sound of the winds. It had been Toby. The dog was running after him down the busy street, barking. The sound was a-filled with blames. Mike feel guilty because he had done left Toby outside. He turn and head home with Toby a-running beside him. Mike letted Toby in the door just as the rain start to pour down. " Arthur had had a the end story. The last thing he had done had been to write hisn name proudly at the top of the page.
It once was a guy named Kevin and girl named Erin. They really like spending time together. One day, Kevin done traveled from hisn home in the United States of America to Erin's house in England. They then think take a sudden trip around the world. They first have traveled by plane around Europe, where they have seen many different people and sights. They then taked a boat to Africa and Asia, where they goed on a trip through the mountains. Later in the month, they travel to China by train and was allowed to see how different life was over there. Next they have taken another plane to Australia, where they have had a lot of fun seeing kangaroos and a different type of English speaking people. After a-spending a week in Australia, Kevin and Erin taken a real long plane ride to North America, where they driven across the land. It is everything from the mountains to forests that they have seen. They even get visit the beach! Because they had so much funs, Kevin return home with Erin to England where they hang out and spend the next few days and months a-talking about all of the neat things they see and did on their trip.
An atoll (, , , , or ), sometimes call a coral atoll, is a ring-shaped coral reef a-including a coral rim encircles a lagoon partially or completely. There might may is coral islands/cays on the rim. The coral of the atoll often is sitting atop the rim of an extinct seamount or volcano has done a-eroded or a-subsided partially beneath the water. The lagoon forms over the volcanic crater or caldera while the more higher rim remains above water or at shallow depths permit the coral grow and form the reefs. For the atoll persist, continued erosions or subsidence might must be at a rate slow enough permit reef growth upwards and outwards replace the lost height. The word "atoll" is coming from the Dhivehi (an Indo-Aryan language spoken on the Maldive Islands) word "atholhu" (Dhivehi: , ), meaning an administrative subdivision. Its first a-recorded use in English was in 1625 as "atollon" – Charles Darwin recognize its indigenous origin and a-coined, in his "The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs", the definition of atolls as "circular groups of coral islets" that is synonymous with "lagoon-island". More modern definitions of "atoll" describe them as "annular reefs enclosing a lagoon in which there is no promontories other than reefs and islets composed of reef detritus" or "in an exclusively morphological sense, [as] a ring-shaped ribbon reef enclosing a lagoon".
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the senior bishop and principal leader of the Church of England, the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion and the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Canterbury. The current archbishop is Justin Welby. Hisn enthronement taked place at Canterbury Cathedral on 21 March 2013. Welby is the 105th in a line goes back more than 1400 year to Augustine of Canterbury, the "Apostle to the English", sent from Rome in the year 597. Welby succeed Rowan Williams. From the time of St Augustine of Canterbury in the 6th century, until Archbishop Reginald Pole in the 16th century, the Archbishops of Canterbury was in full communion with the See of Rome and they usually receive the pallium. During the English Reformation, based upon King Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon, the Church of England break away from the authority of the Pope and the Roman Catholic Church. In the Middle Ages it was considerable variation in the methods of nomination of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other bishops. At various times the choice was made by the might canon of Canterbury Cathedral, the Pope, or the King of England. Since the English Reformation, the Church of England were more explicitly a state church and the choice is legally that of the Crown; today it is made by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister, as receives a shortlist of two name from an "ad hoc" committee call the Crown Nominations Commission.
CHAPTER XX WITH THE MAYOS The news that bring to the regiment give great and general satisfaction. Herrara was delighted to hear that he was to be made a lieutenant-colonel in his army. Bull and Macwitty was a-overjoyed on hearing that they done both a-been a-recommended for commissions, and Herrara's troopers was equally pleased. The rank and file feeled no less gratification, both at the honour of being a-attached to the British army, and at the substantial improvement in theirn condition that this would entail. On the following day Herrara's friends and Mary O'Connor leave for Lisbon, and so the latter astonish Terence by a-bursting into tears as she say good-bye to him. "I done said nothing yet of the gratitude that I am feeling to y'all, Terence, for all that y'all have did for us, for y'all done always stopped us whenever I done tried , but still I shall always feel it, always; and shall think of y'all and are loving y'all dearly." "It were just as fortunate for me as it were good for y'all, Mary," he had said. "I done ain't no sister, and so I am seeming for to done found me one now." The girl look up, pouting. "I don't think," she say, "I should particularly care about being a sister; I think that I would rather remain a cousin." Terence look surprised and a little hurts. "Y'all are only a silly boy," she laugh, "but might will understand better some day. Well, good-bye, Terence," and the smile had faded from hern face.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki began her latest bid for a first grand slam title with a 6-2 6-1 win over Anastasia Rodionova on Monday, joining last year's finalists Kim Clijsters and Li Na in the second round of the Australian Open. Top seed Wozniacki look in good shape as she wrap up victory against the Russia-bore Australian in 76 minutes, but still the Dane admit she was worried about a wrist injury suffer during last week's quarterfinal defeat at the Sydney International. "I was a bit nervous before the match. I amn't knowing exactly what to expect. But it is feeling better," the 21-year-old had told the WTA Tour website. "I'm very happy about the way I feel out there today. I have gotten into the rhythm as the match had gone on tonight." Who-all is fixin to be the 2012 Australian Open victors? Wozniacki is fixin to next play Georgia's 83rd-ranked Anna Tatishvili, beated Australia's Ashleigh Barty 6-2 7-6 (7-4). Former No. 1 Clijsters make a strong start to the defenses of hern crown with a 7-5 6-1 defeats of Portuguese qualifier Maria Joao Koehler. The Belgian 11th seed, is fixin to play France's world No. 98 Stephanie Foretz Gacon in the last 64, show little sign of the hip injury force her out of the Brisbane International 10 days ago. "I wanted go out there and I wanted start playing me," the 28-year-old telled the tournament's official website. "I had ever since we come Australia that. "I had a good off-season where work obviously try be in good shape for Australia, then y'all want put that to the test and play those there matches again."
Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals, a-including cashmere and mohair from goats, qiviut from muskoxen, angora from rabbits, and other types of wools from camelids. Wool mainly is consisting of protein together with a few percent lipids. In this here regard it is chemically quite distinct from the more dominant textile, cotton, is mainly cellulose. Wool is produced by which are small cells located the skin follicles. These here follicles are located in the upper layer of the skin called the epidermis and are pushing down into the second skin layer called the dermis as the wools fibers are growing. Follicles can be classed as either primary or secondary follicles. Primary follicles are producing three types of fiber: kemp, medullated fibers and true wool fibers. Secondary follicles only produce true wool fibers. It is nearly identical characteristics to hair and are long but lack crimp and elasticity that medullated fibers share. Kemp fibers are very coarse and a-shed out. Wool's scaling and crimp to make it easier for to spin the by a-helping the individual fibers attach each other fleece, so they stay together. Because of the crimp, wool fabrics have greater bulk than other textiles, and they are holding air, which is causing that the fabric should retain heat. Wool has a high specific heat coefficient, so it is impeding heat transfer in general. This here effect has done benefited desert peoples, as Bedouins and Tuaregs are using wool clothes for insulation.
CHAPTER V. THE FITZGERALDS OF CASTLE RICHMOND. What idea of a-carrying out hisn plans may have been prevalent in Fitzgerald's mind when he was so defiant of the countess, it may be difficult to say. Probably he had no idea, but feel at the spur of the moment that it might would be weak yield. The consequence was, that when Lady Desmond leave Hap House, he was obliged for to consider himself as a-being at feud with the family. The young lord did see them once again during the holidays, and even entertain him at Hap House; but the earl's pride might would not give way no inch. "Much as I am liking y'all, Owen, I might cannot do anything but are opposing it. It might would be a bad match for myn sister, and so y'all might would feel if y'all was in myn place." And then Lord Desmond had gone back to Eton. After that they none of them meet for many months. During this here time life had gone on in a very triste manner at Desmond Court. Lady Desmond feel that she had did hern duty by hern daughter; but still hern tenderness to Clara ain't increased by no fact that hern foolish attachment had done drove Fitzgerald from the place. As for Clara herself, she not only keep her word, but rigidly a-resolved to keep it. Twice she return unopened, and without a word of notices, letters which done caused be conveyed to hern hand. It ain't that she done ceased love him, but she had high ideas of truths and honour, and would not break her word. Perhaps she have been sustained in her misery by the remembrance that heroines are always miserable.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday to congratulate its citizens for last weekend's "remarkable" Iraq-led provincial elections, a process he said "augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq's national reconciliation." U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, left, is meeting Friday in Baghdad with Iraq President Jalal Talabani. On a tour also has a-taken him to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Ban meet with Iraqi leaders and appear at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, whose win big in nine of the 14 province where the local elections was a-held. "I have been a-following the electoral process close from the early days of the parliamentary debate over the elections law last summer to the final stages of adjudication of the complaints and yesterday evening's release of the provisional results," Ban say at the news conference, a-according to prepared remarks issued by the United Nations. "It finna be some days before final results are knew, but current indications are that the elections have done been successfully carried out." Ban last visit 2007 Iraq. In March of that year, he getted a taste of the violence that often rocks the Iraqi capital. An explosion rattle Baghdad's International Zone, where he was a-holding a televised news conference with al-Maliki. Apparently used to such blasts, al-Maliki remain stoic, while Ban briefly duck before a-regaining his composure and a-continuing. Now, he say, he's "very much impressed to have witnessed myself the great success and progress the Iraqi government and people made under the leadership of Prime Minister Maliki, and I congratulate y'all," he say, emphasizing the improvements in security.
The day is like any other day in hisn life. Tom is walking past the shop at the street corner. He is stopping look at the front row of shoes, and so he is feeling happy see that pair of shoes is wanting very much is still there. But he is feeling sorry for hisself. He really is wanting for to have his birthday them. He sadly walks away and thinks how to tell his it mother. He is knowing she finna give him anything is liking if she can. He also is knowing very well that she has little money. He is deciding not for to go home so quick, because he is looking worried and so hisn mother finna see it. So he goes to the park and sits on the grass. Then he is seeing a boy in a wheel chair. He notices that the boy moves the wheel hisn hands chair. Tom looks at him carefully and is surprised see the boy has no feet. He is looking at hisn own feet. "It's much more better to be without shoes than without feet," he is thinking. He smiles and he is more happier.
Three high students are becoming heroes after their act of a-saving a baby's life. Andrew Willis, 15, his brother Chris, 13, and friend Reece Galea, 14, was walking along Swallow Drive on their way to schools on May 23, when Nicholle run out of her houses, shouting for helps. Hern six-month-old son Corey done swallowed an earring and the young mother couldn't ring for no help because something ai wrong with hern phone. The three teenager rush to the aids of Ms Price, call an ambulance , calm her down and wait with her until the ambulance arrive before heading to schools. Ms Price, It is the school last Thursday to thank the boys for their kind action that corey and his grandmother Joyce Finnie visit. "It's good for to know that there is still some good people is fixin to stop and help," Ms Price had said. "While I was a-shouting for help me, a woman a-walking hern dog had gone straight past, without a-stopping. I amn't knowing what-all would have a-happened if these here boys ain't a-stopped." The teenagers have been shocked at the attention have received at school for theirn heroic act but have admitted that the incident had been nerve-racking. "We hear her a-shouting so we know something ain't right," Andrew say. "We think someone had done a-died. It had been scary but we just have done what-all we have had for to do." Just as proud as the boys' parents is their principal, Tim McCallum. After two days in hospital, Corey has done now fully recovered. "He's a-got two new teeth to show," Ms Price had said. "I gotta keep a closer eye on him. He's into everything now and are grabbing whatever he is finding put it straight into hisn mouth."
Tommy had been a cowboy. He and hisn horse, Candy, live by the Gentle River. The Gentle River had been as clear as a mirror. One day, Tommy was a-riding Candy along the shore when he seed a fire in the distance. "Wow," Tommy say. "I am wondering why there's a fire." Tommy and Candy go for to see. The fires were deep in the hills, and it took a long times to get there. By the time have arrived, it had been almost supper time. The fires were a campfire. There have been a little girl at the fires. She was drawing pictures with crayons. "Hello," Tommy say. "What-all are y'all doing in the hills?" "I'm Lucy," the girl say. "I'm a-camping, but myn tent gotted blown away by the winds. So I'm sitting by the fire and drawing me pictures." "What-all y'all drawing?" "I'm a-finishing up this here drawing of a dragon," she say. Then she had pointed at two drawings on the ground next to her. They was held in place with pebbles. "This is an elf," she say. "And this is a pony." "They're very pretty," Tommy say. "I'm Tommy, and this is Candy." "Pleased to meet y'all," Lucy had said. "Would y'all like for to draw with me? We might can do a Candy drawing together." "That might would be fun," Tommy had said. And so they sitted down and drawed a picture of Candy together.
The Chicago Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Chicago, Illinois, United States, owned by Tronc, Inc., formerly Tribune Publishing. Founded in 1847, and formerly self-styled as the "World's Greatest Newspaper" (for which WGN radio and television are named), it is remaining the most-read daily newspaper of the Chicago metropolitan area and the Great Lakes region. It is the eighth-largest newspaper in the United States by circulation (and became the second-largest under Tribune's ownership after the "Chicago Tribune"s parent company purchased the "Los Angeles Times"). Traditionally published as a broadsheet, on January 13, 2009, the "Tribune" had announced it would continue a-publishing as a broadsheet for home deliverys, but would publish in tabloid format for newsstand, newses box, and commuter station sales. This change, however, prove for to be unpopular with readers and in August 2011, the "Tribune" discontinue the tabloid edition, returning to itsn traditional broadsheet edition through all distribution channels. The "Tribune"s masthead is notable for displaying the American flag, in reference to the paper's motto, "An American Paper for Americans." The motto is no longer displayed on the masthead, where it was placed below the flag. The "Tribune" was founded by James Kelly, John E. Wheeler, and Joseph K. C. Forrest, a-publishing the first edition on June 10, 1847. Numerous changes in ownership and editorship have taken place over the next eight years. Initially, the "Tribune" ain't politically affiliated, but tend to support either the Whig or Free Soil parties against the Democrats in elections. By late 1853, it was frequently a-running xenophobic editorials criticize foreigners and Roman Catholics. About this here time it also becomed a strong proponent of temperance. However nativist itsn editorials might may have been, it ain't until February 10, 1855 that the "Tribune" formally affiliate itself with the nativist American or Know Nothing party, whose-all might candidate Levi Boone was elected them Mayor of Chicago the following month.
Around the Wheelchair Rick Hansen World have been always an active kid and have loved fish. When a-returning in a truck one day from a fishing trip, he had had an accident and have suffered injuries to hisn spine. This 15-year-old young man awoke to find that he had done lost the use of his legs. However, he isn't giving up. Many months later he had begun to compete in wheelchair sports. At the ages of 27, he decide to wheel around the world to raise awareneses and moneys for spinal cord researchs. His tour take him through 34 countries around the world between 1985 and 1987. In this here Man of Motion World Tour, he had wheeled 24,901.55 mile, which is equal to the distance around the earth. Bad weather and difficult, rocky roads often provide challenges for Rick, but still he continue to push himself to complete the trip. He was determined for to succeed. Even mountains did not stop Rick Hansen. It is himself up the Rocky Mountains and several other major mountains in the world that he had wheeled. He even wheel hisself along the Great Wall of China! " Are Giving Up On Your Dreams" ain't his motto and so he ain't gave up yet. He complete hisn world tour a-raising $24 million. He continues to work to increase spinal cord injury knowledge. He is a true Canadian hero is showing what-all determination can achieve.
It was a princess named Janet been very pretty. She want marry a prince named Harold, but still Harold had three sisters isn't wanting them get married. Harold's three sister have been, Tammy, Jenny, and Clarice. Tammy and Jenny like Janet, but Clarice didn't. Clarice was very mean to Janet, and try for to get Harold for to hate the princess. One night, Clarice even throw a shoe at Janet. Janet duck, and so the shoe hitted Harold instead. From that day on, Janet knowed she would get even with Clarice. She was fixin for to cut off hern hair one night. While she had been asleep she had gone into hern room and have done it with a scissors. When Clarice wake up she look in the mirror and scream. Then after she didn't ever give the princess trouble that, since she want hern hairs be long. Then Janet had been free for to marry Harold and have lived happily ever after in the castle.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact were a guarantee of non-belligerence by each party towards the other, and a written commitment that neither party would ally itself to, or aid, an enemy of the other party. In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland into German and Soviet "spheres of influence", anticipating potential "territorial and political rearrangements" of these countries. Thereafter, Germany invade Poland on 1 September 1939. After the Soviet–Japanese ceasefire agreement take effect on 16 September, Stalin order hisn own invasion of Poland on 17 September. Part of southeastern (Karelia) and Salla region in Finland was annexed by the Soviet Union after the Winter War. This was followed by Soviet annexations of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Romania (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, and the Hertza region). Concerns about ethnic Ukrainians and Belarusians had been proffered as justifications for the Soviet invasion of Poland. Stalin's invasion of Bukovina in 1940 violate the pact, as it go beyond the Soviet sphere of influence agree with the Axis.
(CNN) -- Justin Bieber's most newest friend is Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl which survive an attack by the Taliban and now are advocating for girls' rights. Yousafzai done a-met with President Barack Obama, Queen Elizabeth II and many others, but hern online encounter with Bieber on Wednesday is likely to make her the envy of teen girls around the world. Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai meets with Queen Bieber, 20, make sure hisn fans know, a-posting a screenshot of hisn conversation with the 17-year-old activist on Twitter: "Just get to FaceTime with Malala Yousafzai. She has such an incredible story. I might cann't wait to meet her in person and talk about how I might can support me her and the @malalafund. #is loving" The Pakistani Taliban target Yousafzai for assassination in 2012 because of her outspoken support for girls' education in her native country. Yousafzai, which not posted no tweets about her time with Bieber, had done confide to CNN's Christiane Amanpour last year that she had been a Bieber fan. Bieber's representative say she had "no official comment," including about if it is plans for the for to meet in person. The Bravest Girl in the World Despite Bieber's reputation as an out-of-control celebrity, earned partly from three arrest earlier this here year, the pop idol has an impressive track record of good deeds. Bieber done a-helped are granting the wishes of more than 200 child through the Make-A-Wish Foundation, is fulfilling the wishes of children a-diagnosed with a life-threatening medical conditions. One recent recipient had been Grace Kesablak, had been Bieber's date to the Young Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles last month whe the singer have been gave the "Champ of Charity Award."
Schleswig-Holstein is the northernmost of the 16 states of Germany, comprising most of the historical duchy of Holstein and the southern part of the former Duchy of Schleswig. Itsn capital city is Kiel; other notable cities are Lübeck and Flensburg. Also knew in more dated Sleswick-Holsatia English, the Danish name is "Slesvig-Holsten," the Low German name is "Sleswig-Holsteen," and the North Frisian name is "Slaswik-Holstiinj." Historically, the name might can also refer to a larger region, a-containing both present-day Schleswig-Holstein and the former South Jutland County (Northern Schleswig) in Denmark. The term "Holstein" is deriving from Old Saxon "Holseta Land," ("Holz" and "Are Holting" are meaning woods in modern Standardised German and in literary English, respectively). Originally, it refer to the central of the three Saxon tribes north of the River Elbe: "Tedmarsgoi" (Dithmarschen), Holstein and "Sturmarii" (Stormarn). The area of the tribe of the Holsts had been between the Stör River and Hamburg, and after Christianization, theirn main church had been in Schenefeld. Saxon Holstein had become a part of the Holy Roman Empire after Charlemagne's Saxon campaigns in the late eighth century. Since 811, the northern frontier of Holstein (and thus the Empire) was marked by the River Eider. The term Schleswig is coming from the city of Schleswig. The name is deriving from the Schlei inletted in the east and "vik" a-meaning inlet in Old Norse or settlement in Old Saxon, and linguistically identical (cognate) with the "-wick" or "-wich" element in place-names in Britain.
The snow go on falling, and they might could see only a few meter in front of them. "We might should go back," say Judy. She was afraid. "But where is the path ?" Everything have been a-covered with snows. The skys were grey. "What-allbe does the time?" ask Paul. Judy look at her watch. "Nearly 5 o'clock. It gets dark in an hour." "We must start walking, and hope we find the path. I think the snow's stopping. "say Paul. But it ain't a-stopping. The wind had been strong. It blow around them, cold and wet. "Just are keeping going downhill. "say Judy."We can't go wrong." Then Paul had fallen on some rocks. He had shouted. "Judy! I hurt my leg!" He couldn't stand up. Hisn leg had hurt too much. "I might will gotta phone for help me. "say Judy. "I hope the mobile phone works up here!" Luckily it did. They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shout the the phone man. Are Staying where y'all are, it is a team there . that we're a-sending " They ain't far from the , so the team finded them path easy. They was lucky! People often get into trouble when they are climbing the mountains. Y'all must always tell someone where y'all going them and are taking a mobile phone with y'all. Mountain is a dangerous place to be if things go wrong!
It once was a big black and white dog named Forrest. His owner's name had been Jeff. Jeff think he was the best dog in the whole world. One night, when Forrest and Jeff was a-taking a walk in the park, they see two men a-walking down the path. Both men was dressed in very nice suits. Jeff wave at the men. "Good evening," he say. "How are y'all tonight?" "Hello," one of the men say. "It is such a great night for a-walking." Jeff and Forrest keep walking down the path. It was a very dark night, but the moon was a-shining bright. When Jeff turn around to look for the two men, he might could not see them at all. They was nowhere be saw. Later that there night, when theirn walk had been over, Jeff and Forrest was a-lying on the bed. They was watching a television show about ghosts. "Are y'all thinking might maybe those there two man have been ghosts?" Jeff say out loud. "They are not leaving no trace." Forrest was a dog, but he acted like he understanded. He bark. Jeff smile. He liked that his dog always seen things the same way did.
(CNN) -- A body discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday, a day after the storied Louisville racetrack had hosted the Kentucky Derby, might may have been the victim of a homicide, police had said. Workers in the barn area discover the body early in the morning and a-notified track security, call police, say Robert Biven, a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department. "We just get the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside" of the racetrack, Biven tell CNN. Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley say police suspect foul play. The body, which has done ain't identified, is appearing to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s, Biven say. About 400 people was located Saturday night in the the racetrack rear, he say. "So we are tryna speak with as many people as we possibly might can," he say. "We do have a few leads a-coming in." An autopsy is to be a-carried out Monday mornings. Biven describe the track's backside as "like a mini city," with 48 barn, workers' dormitories and areas where trainers live them. "It's a 24-hour operation," he say. I'll Have Another wins me Kentucky Derby Operations at the racetrack was for to continue normally on Sunday, Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher say. No races are scheduled at the track for three days, but still cleanup from Saturday's race had been to continue and the racetrack museum had been to be open, he had said. CNN's Kara Devlin and Christine Sever contribute to this here report
(CNN) -- It was in the majestic surroundings of Muirfield that the original gold-plated superstar of golf secure hisn first major title. The small town of Gullane to the easts of Edinburgh that is all set welcome the modern titans of the game for the 142nd staging of the British Open had played host to a true pioneer back in 1896. Harry Vardon win a total of six British Open titles, a record that still stands, but still hisn achievements in the game stretch far beyond hisn haul of majors, which was lifted them to seven by hisn 1900 U.S. Open triumph. Not only was he a-credited with sparking an explosion of interest in the game during hisn tours of America at the turn of the 20th Century but he also devise the grip- -- "the overlapping grip" or the "Vardon overlap" -- that 90 percent of golfers still deploy. It is little wonder he is spoken of in such glowing terms by Australian Peter Thompson, at alongside American legend Tom Watson, is just one British Open triumph behind Vardon's half-dozen successes. "He was the God of ," Thompson tell CNN's Living Golf show golf. "For to aspire to such a position have been sacrilege -- it had been way out of myn league. "It ain't until I passed five that I thinked, 'Well, it's possible equal the great man' but It is it , regrettably that i didn't do . "It must have been inspirational to watch him is swinging. He had the power of a a-winning champion. Had someone won seven or even six Opens it is Vardon as a God that we might wouldn't have done ai.
The Mongol Empire (Mongolian: "Mongolyn Ezent Güren" ; Mongolian Cyrillic: Монголын эзэнт гүрэн; ; also ("Horde") in Russian chronicles) had existed during the 13th and 14th centuries and have been the largest contiguous lands empire in historys. Originating in the steppes of Central Asia, the Mongol Empire eventually stretch from Eastern Europe to the Sea of Japan, extending northwards into Siberia, eastwards and southwards into the Indian subcontinent, Indochina, and the Iranian plateau, and westwards as far as the Levant. The Mongol Empire emerged from the unification of nomadic tribes in the Mongol homeland under the leadership of Genghis Khan, whom a council done proclaimed ruler of all the Mongols in 1206. The empire grow rapidly under his rule and that of his descendants, as send invasions in every directions. It is the east with the west with an enforced " Pax Mongolica " , allowing the dissemination and exchange of trade , technologies , commodities , and ideologies across Eurasia that the vast transcontinental empire connect . The empire begin split due to wars over succession, as the grandchildren of Genghis Khan dispute whether the royal line should follow from hisn son and initial heir Ögedei or from one of hisn other sons, such as Tolui, Chagatai, or Jochi. The Toluids prevail after a bloody purge of Ögedeid and Chagataid factions, but disputes continue even among the descendants of Tolui. A key reasons for the split were the dispute over whether the Mongol Empire might would become a sedentary, cosmopolitan empire, or might would stay true to theirn nomadic and steppe lifestyle. After Möngke Khan done died (1259), rival kurultai councils simultaneously elected different successors, the brothers Ariq Böke and Kublai Khan, then not only fighted each other in the Toluid Civil War (1260–1264), but also dealed with challenges from descendants of other sons of Genghis. Kublai successfully taked power, but civil war a-ensued as Kublai seeked unsuccessfully for to regain control of the Chagatayid and Ögedeid families.
It is the 100thanniversary of Leo Tolstoy 's death that this year marks . He is considered by many to be one of the greatest novelists of all times. Much of the West is marking the anniversary with new translations of the author's works, including War and Peace. Movies are a-being a-released, a-including a black-and-white documentary and a feature film. In short, everyone a-celebrating. Everyone, that is, except for people in Tolstoy's home countrys, Russia. The English newspaper the Guardian is reporting that the Russian government has done scheduled nothing for November, the official anniversary of Tolstoy's death. The quiet is amazing, a-considering the importances of this here man's contribution to global culture. "Across the whole world there is a huge Tolstoy boom ," Andrei Deryabin, co-producer of a new film about the author's final days titled The Last Station, told the Guardian. "He's esteemed everywhere apart from here in Russia." Experts are explaining the government's silence in various ways. Some is referring to Tolstoy's disagreement with state-backed religion. Tolstoy's Christian views often _ the Roman Catholic church those. Hisn great grandson, Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy, thinks Russia's cool attitudes have more for to do with historys and the author's positive worldview. After all, the last century was a difficult one of the country's people. The darker writings of Fyodor , he says, better fit the national character Dostoevsky. Are Tolstoying hopes that as Russians are growing more optimistic they finna rediscover one of their own national treasures. "Tolstoy gives positive answers to the questions mankind is asking," he tell the Guardian. " In this sense it is more hope that he gives. I hope the 21stcentury is Tolstoyan."
"Everything happens for the best," my mother say whenever I was disappointed. "If y'all go on, one day something good is fixin to happen." When I graduate from college, I decide for to try for a job in a radio station and then are working hard for to become a sports announcer. I take a taxi to Chicago and knock on the door of every station, but I done was t _ every time because I didn't ai any working experience. Then, I have gone back home. My father say Montgomery Ward want a sports-man for to help them. I apply , but I didn't get me no job, either. I have been very disappointed. "Everything is happening for the best," It is me that mom remind. Dad let us drive hisn look jobs car. I try WOC Davenport Radio, Iowa. The program director, Peter MacArthur, tell they done already had an announcer me. Hisn words make us disappointed again. After leaving hisn office, I was waiting for the elevator when I hear MacArthur calling after me, "What-all are y'all saying about sports? Are y'all knowing anything about football?" Then he ask me for to broadcast an imaginary game. I did so and so Peter tell us that I would be broadcasting Saturday's game! On my way home, I think of my mother's words again:"If y'all are going on, one day something good is fixin to happen."
CHAPTER XXX FERN Mullins rush into the house on a Saturday morning early in September and shriek at Carol, "School is starting next Tuesday. I gotta have one more spree before I'm arrested. Let's to get up a picnic down the lake for this afternoon. Might won't y'all come, Mrs. Kennicott, and the doctor? Cy Bogart wants go--he's a brat but he's lively." "I amn't thinking the doctor might can go," sedately. "He had said something about having to make a country is calling this afternoon. But I'd love to." "That's dandy! Who-all might can we get?" "Mrs. Dyer might be chaperon. She's been so nice. And maybe Dave, if could get it away from the store." "How about Erik Valborg? I am thinking he's a-got lots more style than these town boys. Y'all are liking him all straight, don't y'all?" So the picnic of Carol, Fern, Erik, Cy Bogart, and the Dyers ain't only moral but inevitable. They drived to the birch grove on the south shore of Lake Minniemashie. Dave Dyer was hisn most clownish self. He yelped, a-jigged, weared Carol's hat, dropped an ant down Fern's back, and when they goed a-swimming (the women modestly a-changing in the car with the side curtains up, the men a-undressing behind the bushes, constantly a-repeating, "Gee, hope we don't run into poison no ivy"), Dave splashed water on them and dived to clutch his wife's ankle. He infect the others. Erik give an imitation of the Greek dancers had done seen in vaudeville, and when they sit down to picnic supper spread on a lap-robe on the grases, It is a tree to throw acorns at them that cy climb.
A police force is a constituted body of persons empowered by the state for to enforce the law, are protecting property, and are limiting civil disorder. Their powers are including the a-legitimized use of force. The term is most commonly associated with police services of a sovereign state that are authorized to exercise the police power of that there state within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility. Police forces are often a-defined as being separate from military or other organizations a-involved in the defenses of the state against foreign aggressors; however, gendarmerie are military units a-charged with civil policing. Laws enforcements, however, constitute only part of policing activitys. Policing included an array of activities in different situations, but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order. In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, these develop within the context of a-maintaining the class system and the protection of private property. Many police forces suffer from police corruption to a more greater or more lesser degree. The police force is usually a public sector service, meaning they are a-paid through taxes.
CHAPTER IX Ten days later, Harper and Joe Ladue done arrived at Sixty Mile, and Daylight, still a trifle weak, but strong enough obey the hunch that had done came to him, traded a third interest in his Stewart town site for a third interest in theirs on the Klondike. They had faith in the Upper Country, and so Harper leave down-stream, with a raft-load of supplies, for to start a small post at the mouth of the Klondike. "Why don't y'all tackle Indian River, Daylight?" Harper had advised, at parting. "There's whole slathers of creeks and so are drawing a-draining in up there, and so somewhere golds just a-crying be found. That's myn hunch. It's a big strike coming, and so Indian River ain't finna ai a million mile away." "And the place is a-swarming with moose," Joe Ladue add. "Bob Henderson's up there somewhere, a-been there three year now, swearing something big is finna happen, living off'n straight moose and prospecting around like a crazy man." Daylight decide go Indian River a flutter, as he express it; but Elijah might could ain't persuaded into accompanying him. Elijah's soul done been seared by famine, and he have been obsessed by fear of repeating the experience. "I jest might cann't bear for to separate from grub," he explain. "I know it's downright foolishness, but I jest can't help me it. It's all can do it for to tear my own self away from the table when I know I'm full to bustin' and ain't got me no storage for another bite. I'm going back to Circle to camp by a cache until I get me cured."
If y'all are living in the United States, y'all can't ai full-time no job until y'all ai 16 year old. At 14 or 15, y'all work part-time after school or on weekends, and so during summer vacation y'all might can work 40 hour each week. Does all that mean that if y'all ai younger than , y'all can't make yourn own money 14? Of course not! It is money by doing lots of things that kids from 10 - 13 years of age can make. Valerie, 11, tell us that she make money by cleaning up other people's yards. Lena, 13, is making money by knitting dog sweaters and selling them to hern neighbors. Reisa say she done started a-taking art classes and a-showing hern works to people. People are asking her to draw pictures for them and so they are paying her for them. Jasmine, 13, is writing articles for different magazines! It is lots of things from making money that kids can learn. By a-working to make your own money, y'all are a-learning the skills y'all is fixin to need in life. These here skills can include things like how for to get along with others, how for to use technology and how for to use yourn time wisely. Some people are thinking that a-asking for moneys is a lot easier to a-making it; however, if y'all can make your own moneys, y'all don't ai to depend on anyone else. The five dollars that y'all is making finna probably make y'all are feeling a lot better than the twenty dollars y'all are asking for.
Dennis Rodman is saying he ain't a diplomat, just a former NBA star fighting addiction and a-trying for to be a better father. But that ain't kept from a-becoming embroiled, even if unintentionally, U.S.-North Korea relations him. Hisn apparent chumminess with North Korea's leader was controversial, as have previous proclamations that Kim Jong Un is a "nice guy." Rodman say he simply is not knowing enough about the allegations of abuse and authoritarianism that Kim is reviled for. "I keep a-telling people, I ain't there to be an ambassador for to try to figure out why (is Kim) a-doing all these here things? That ain't myn job," Rodman tell CNN's Chris Cuomo on "New Day" Friday. It had been hisn first interview since a-entering an alcohol rehabilitation facility two weeks ago. The former basketballs player is probably the American with the most acceses to the North Korean leader, and many have a-been critical that he ain't a-lobbied for no release of American prisoner Kenneth Bae from a labors camp. "I ain't an ambassador, and I have tried to strive and are telling people, just because I am knowing the marshal (Kim), that isn't meaning I am knowing the marshal like that," he had said. Rodman says he didn't mean insinuate during an earlier this month that he know why Bae, a Korean-American, was a-being a-held North Korea interview. "To no day I still amn't knowing what-all did he do," Rodman say, even a-offering for to take Bae's place if he might could. "I am feeling for (Bae's family). I am feeling for them deep. ... I might would do anything literally. This is Dennis Rodman talking. If they (North Korea) say, 'We might will take Dennis Rodman and so we might will let Kenenth Bae is going,' I might will say, 'Y'all are knowing what? I'll do that. ... Take us.'"
It is them several times a day without really noticing that many of us is using. And yet the way we in lifts,or elevators as they are knew in the US,is revealing a hidden anxiety. Passengers seem to know instinctively how to arrange themselves in an elevator,like the dots on a die. With each additional , the bodies shift,going the open spaces passenger. On yourn own,y'all might can do whatever-all y'all are wanting--it's yourn own little box. If there is two of you,it is different corners , creating the greatest distance that you are taking . When a third person enters, you will unconsciously form a triangle .And when there is a square, with someone every corner. A fifth person is probable fixin for to have for to stand in the middle. Why are we so awkward in lifts? "Y'all don't ai enough space," is saying Professor Babette Renneberg, a clinical psychologist at the Free University of Berlin. "Usually when we meet other people we have about an arm's length of distance between us. And that ain't possible in most elevators, so it's a very unusual setting. It's unnatural." But perhaps there is more to it than just social awkwardness. "In the back of our minds we are a little anxious," says Nick White,an office in New York which had been unfortunate enough for to be trapped in a lift for41 hours. "We don't like be locked into a place. We want to get out of the elevator as soon as possible, y'all know, it's a frightening place to be." During hisn terrible experiences, he begin think of another encloses spaces-a tomb. Dr.Lee Gray is agreeing that a sense of is the main cause life anxiety disempowerment. "Y'all're in a machine that's a-moving, over which y'all have no control. Y'all might cannot see elevator no engine, y'all don't know how it's a-working," he says.
My puppy is a boy puppy. His name is Snow. He is white like snow. Snow have a dog houses. It is blue. Snow likes his dog house. He sleeps in night it. If Snow is hungry I am feeding him puppy food. I also am giving Snow water. Snow is a good puppy. He does what-all I tell him to do. Snows like to play with ourn cat, Hisn name is Oscar. They share toys. Snow and Oscar is watching myn goldfish, Felix. Felix swims round and round in hisn bowl. Myn neighbor Tommy is living next door. It is a fish , too that he has . Its name is Rocket. That is because he is swimming very, very fast. Rocket is black. Tommy is liking climb in trees. He also is liking to play tags. I am teaching Snow tricks. He is loving to learn to do tricks. When he does them well I give him a prize! Snow loves get a prize. It is a tasty puppy treat! When I am coming home from school. It is me at the door that snow is meeting. He is so happy for to see me. I am happy see him, too! After I am finishing my homework are playing ball outside. Snow is loving run after the red ball. He is bringing it back to us each time am throwing it. I am loving to play ball with Snow. It is so much fun. I am loving Snow and Snow are loving me. We are best friends.
CHAPTER XX THE FRIEND Less than half an hour later, Marguerite, buried in thoughts, sat inside her coach, which was bearing her swiftly to London. She had done taken an affectionate farewell of little Suzanne, and see the child safe start with hern maid, and in hern own coach, back to town. She done sent one courier with a respectful letter of excuse to Hisn Royal Highness, begging for a postponement of the august visit on account of pressing and urgent business, and another on ahead to bespeak a fresh relay of horses at Faversham. Then she done changed her muslin frock for a dark a-traveling costume and mantle, done provided herself with money--which her husband's lavishness always placed it fully at her disposal--and done started on her way. She is not attempting to delude herself with any vain and futile hopes; the safety of hern brother Armand was to have been conditional on the imminent captures of the Scarlet Pimpernel. As Chauvelin done sent her back Armand's compromising letter, it was no doubt that he was quite satisfied in hisn own mind that Percy Blakeney was the man whose death he done swore for to bring about. No! there was no room for any fond delusions! Percy, the husband whom love with all the ardour which hern for hisn braverys done kindled, was in immediate, deadly peril, through hern hand. She done a-betrayed him to hisn enemy--unwittingly 'tis true--but she Done a-betrayed him, and if Chauvelin succeed in a-trapping him, as so far was unaware of hisn danger, then hisn death might would be at hern door. Hisn death! when with hern very hearts's bloods, she would done defended him and gave willingly hern life for hisn.
CHAPTER XV. A DISOBEDIENT BROTHER Dan was his own man again in the mornings, though rather pale and weak; he want get up, but Cecily order him stay in bed. Fortunately Felicity forgot for to repeat the commands, so Dan is staying in bed. Cecily carry hisn meals to him, and read a Henty book to him all hern spare time. The Story Girl gone up and told him wondrous tales; and Sara Ray brought him a puddings she had done made herself. Sara's intentions were good, but the pudding-- well, Dan fed most of it to Paddy, who had curled himself up at the foot of the bed, giving the world assurance of a cat by his mellifluous purring. "Is Aiingn't he just a great old fellow?" say Dan. "He knows I'm kind of sick, just as well as a human. He pays no me attention when I ain't well." Felix and Peter and I was required for to help Uncle Roger in some carpentering work that day, and Felicity indulge in one of the house-cleaning orgies so dear to her soul; so that it was evening before we was all free for to meet in the orchard and are lolling on the grasses of Uncle Stephen's Walk. In August it was a place of shady sweetness, fragrant with the odour of a-ripening apples, full of dear, delicate shadows. Through its openings we have looked afar to the blue rims of the hills and over green, old, tranquil fields, a-lying the sunset glow. Overhead the lacing leaves maked a green, murmurous roof. There was no such thing as hurry in the world, while we linger there and talk of "cabbages and kings." A tale of the Story Girl's, wherein princes was more thicker than blackberries, and queens as common as buttercups, lead to our discussion of kings. We wonder what-all it might would be like for to be a king. Peter had thought it might would be fine, only kind of inconvenient, wearing a crown all the time.
I'm Leo. It is a great artist in myn family. She is Lisa. Lisa is liking a-drawing a lot. Here are her three drawing. It is an animal in the first drawing. It has two big eyes, a big mouth and two small ears. It is long arms and long legs that it has. It is black and white. There is some apples in its hands. It looks very happy. What-all is it? I don't know, but Lisa says it is a panda. It is a woman in the second drawing. She is thin. She has straight blonde hair, a small mouth, a big nose and two big eye. She is looking angry. Who-all is she? Lisa is saying she is ourn mom. But Mom has curly blonde hair, small eyes and a small nose. It is an animal in the third drawing, too. Its head is an apple. Its hair and tail are leaves. It has a long mouth, and _ is a banana. Itsn two legs are carrots. What-all is it? Lisa is saying it is a horse, but still it isn't looking like no horse. Lisa is really a great artist, isn't she? .
The National Assembly for Wales are (;;ing commonly knew as the Welsh Assembly) is a devolved assembly with power to make legislation in Wales. The Assembly is comprising 60 member, who are knew as Assembly Members, or AMs ("Aelodau y Cynulliad"). Since 2011, Members are a-elected for five-year terms under an additional members system, in which 40 are representing geographical constituencies a-elected by the plurality system, and 20 AMs are representing five electoral regions a-using the d'Hondt method of proportional representation. The Assembly was created by the Government of Wales Act 1998, follow a referendum in 1997. The Assembly had no powers for to initiate primary legislation until limited law-a-making powers was a-gained through the Government of Wales Act 2006. Itsn primary law-making powers was enhanced following a Yes vote in the referendum on 3 March 2011, making it possible for it to legislate without having to consult the UK parliament or the Secretary of State for Wales in the 20 area that are devolved. An appointed Council for Wales and Monmouthshire was established in 1949 for to "ensure the government is adequately informed of the impact of government activities on the general life of the people of Wales". The council had had 27 members nominated by local authorities in Wales, the University of Wales, National Eisteddfod Council and the Welsh Tourist Board. A post of Minister of Welsh Affairs was a-created in 1951 and the post of Secretary of State for Wales and the Welsh Office was a-established in 1964 a-leading to the abolition of the Council for Wales. The establishment of the Welsh Office effectively create the basis for the territorial governance of Wales. The Royal Commission on the Constitution (the Kilbrandon Commission) have been a-set up in 1969 by Harold Wilson's Labour Government to investigate the possibility of devolution for Scotland and Wales. Its recommendations form the basis of the 1974 White Paper "Democracy and Devolution: proposals for Scotland and Wales", propose the creation of a Welsh Assembly. However, voters reject the proposals by a majority of four to one in a referendum held in 1979.
Y'all noticed that the moon is a-becoming rounder and brighter day after day? That's because Sept 8 is the Mid-Autumn Festival. For Chinese people, a full moon means that family members might can get together on that there day. On the Mid-Autumn , people get together and are enjoying the round moon Festival. They also send wishes for family members not with them. It is many stories about the moon for to make the tradition more interesting. In China, Chang'e a-flying to the moon is a well-known legend. Hou Yi and Chang'e had been husband and wife in old times. At the times, there was 10 sun in the skys. Hou yi, a brave man, shoot down nine suns. People are seeing Hou a great hero Yi. Besides China, many other countries have beautiful stories about the moon. In Greek , Artemis is the goddess the moon legend. She is taking care of the hunt and wild animals. Artemis also looks after young children and women in childbirth. In India, the god of the moon is Soma. He has four hands and rides through the skys in a chariot. If a baby is bore on a full moon , Indian people are believing he day or she is lucky.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia (, , "Kingdom of South Slavia") was a state in Southeast Europe and Central Europe, that exist during the interwar period (1918–1939) and first half of World War II (1939–1943). It have been formed in 1918 by the merger of the provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (itself formed from territories of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire) with the formerly independent Kingdom of Serbia. The Kingdom of Montenegro had done united with Serbia five days previously, while the regions of Kosovo, Vojvodina and Vardar Macedonia was parts of Serbia prior to the unification. For its first eleven years of existence, the Kingdom have been officially called the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, but the term "Yugoslavia" had been its colloquial name from its origins. The official name of the state have been changed to "Kingdom of Yugoslavia" by King Alexander I on 3 October 1929. The state was ruled by the Serbian dynasty of Karađorđević, previously rule the Kingdom of Serbia under Peter I from 1903 (after the May Overthrow) onwards. Peter I becomed the first king of Yugoslavia until his death in 1921. He have been succeeded by hisn son Alexander I, as had been regent for hisn father. He was a-known as "Alexander the Unifier" and he rename the kingdom "Yugoslavia" in 1929. He have been a-assassinated in Marseille by Vlado Chernozemski, a member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), during hisn visit to France in 1934. The crown pass to hisn then-still under-aged son Peter. His cousin Paul had ruled as Prince regent until 1941, when Peter II might would come it of age. The royal family done flew to London the same year, prior to the country a-being invaded by the Axis powers.
CHAPTER XXVII WAITING Ingleside, 1st November 1917 "It is November--and the Glen is all grey and brown, except where the Lombardy poplars stand up here and there like great golden torches in the sombre landscape, although every other tree shed its leaves. It were very hard for to keep ourn courage alight of late. The Caporetto disaster is a dreadful thing and not even Susan can extract much consolation out of the present state of affairs. The rest of us isn't trying. Gertrude is keeping a-saying desperately, 'They must not get Venice--they must not get Venice,' as if by a-saying it often enough she can prevent them. But what is for to prevent them from a-getting Venice I might cannot see. Yet, as Susan is failing not to point out, there was seemingly nothing for to prevent them from a-getting to Paris in 1914, yet they did not get it, and she is affirming they shall not get Venice either. Oh, how I am hoping and are praying they is fixin to not--Venice the beautiful Queen of the Adriatic. Although I've never seen it I feel about it just as Byron did--I've always loved it--it has always been to me 'a fairy city of the heart.' Perhaps I have caught myn love of it from Walter, who had worshiped it. It had been always one of hisn for to see Venice dreams. I am remembering we plan once--down in Rainbow Valley one evening just before the war break out--that some time we might would go together for to see it and are floating in a gondola through its moonlit streets.
CHAPTER II Serge go to Moscow. He enter the Teknik. He had become a student. It is geography from Stoj , the professor , astrography from Fudj , the assistant , together with giliodesy , orgastrophy and other native Russian studies that he learn . All day he done worked. Hisn industrys were a-unflagging. Hisn instructors was enthusiastic. "If he is going on like this," they say, "it is something . that he finna some day know " "It is marvellous," say one. "If he is continuing thus, he finna be a professor." "He is too young," say Stoj, a-shaking his head. "He might have too much hair." "He is seeing too well," say Fudj. "Let him wait till hisn eyes are weaker." But all day as Serge worked he thinked. And hisn thoughts was of Olga Ileyitch, the girl that had saw with Kwartz, inspector of police. He wonder why had she killed Popoff, the inspector. He wonder if she was dead. It was no justice in it. One day he question his professor. "Are the laws just?" he say. "Is it right to kill?" But Stoj shake his head, and might would not answer. "To Let us to go on with ourn orgastrophy," he say. And he trembled so that the chalk shaked in hisn hand. So Serge question no further, but still he think more deep still. All the way from the Teknik to the house where had lodged he was a-thinking. As he climb the stair to hisn attic room he was still thinking. The houses in which lived it were the houses of Madame Vasselitch. It had been a tall dark house in a sombre street. There was no trees upon the street and no children play there. And opposite to the house of Madame Vasselitch have been a building of stone, with windows a-barred, that had been always silent. In it was no lights, and no one go in or out.
(CNN) -- Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong'o has become a new critics' darling after her breakout role in last year's hit movie "12 Years A Slave." Since then, the award ceremonies and opportunities to dazzle photographers have been plentiful for Nyong'o, whose mesmerizing performance as Patsey earned her numerous accolades and recognition, including an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. Though all this attention is new to Nyong'o, who was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents, the young actress seems to enjoy all the hype around her. But there is much more to her story than how she is captivating the cameras on the red carpet. CNN's Stephanie Elam caught up with Nyong'o to speak about her journey from Kenya to Hollywood. An edited version of the interview is following. CNN: How did y'all end up a-being bore in Mexico? Lupita Nyong'o: My father is a politician. At the times he was also a professor of political science and he was organizing for democracys in Kenya. We was under an autocratic regime and after a series of unfortunate events, a-including the disappearance of hisn brother, he go into political exile in Mexico. I have been bore in hisn last year there. Are Reading more: 10 things know about Lupita Nyong'o CNN: So y'all was bore in Mexico but grow up in Kenya. LN: Yes, all myn conscious memories are in Kenya until when I was 16 myn parents send us back to Mexico to learn Spanish. I growed up in Nairobi, is the capital of Kenya, so it's hustle and bustle and there's always something a-going on. I am coming from a very big family and we're very close knit so I have had lots of time with us family.
The main passenger airport serving the metropolis and the state is Melbourne Airport (also called Tullamarine Airport), is the second busiest in Australia, and the Port of Melbourne is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo. It is an extensive transport network that melbourne has. The main metropolitan train terminus is Flinders Street Station, and the main regional train and coach terminus is Southern Cross Station. Melbourne is also home to Australia's extensivest freeway network and has the world's most largest urban tram network. Between 1836 and 1842 Victorian Aboriginal groups were largely dispossessed[by whom?] of their land. By January 1844, it was is for to be 675 Aborigines resident in squalid camps in Melbourne. The British Colonial Office appoint five Aboriginal Protectors for the Aborigines of Victoria, in 1839, however theirn work was nullified by a land policy that favour squatters to take possession of Aboriginal lands. By 1845, fewer than 240 wealthy Europeans holded all the pastoral licences then a-issued in Victoria and becomed a powerful political and economic force in Victoria for generations to come.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer a-assisting in a manhunt a-died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, which also had died, authorities have said. Col. Greg Malloy, 44, was mortally wounded, the Florida Department of Corrections say in a statement. Malloy was a-working as part of the Holmes Correctional Institution's K-9 tracking team, which was a-assisting the Holmes County Sheriff's Office in the search for Wade Williams. Williams, want in the double homicide of hisn parents, was also a-killed during the exchange, according to the statement. The incident occur about 13 mile from the Florida Panhandle Bonifay. "Words can never express ourn emotions when an officer is falling in the line of duty," had said Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil. "Tragedies such as today's underscore the dangers inherent in our profession, both inside and outside the prison walls. We are extending ourn condolences to Greg's family and hisn co-workers." Malloy begun hisn career with the Department of Corrections in 1988. The It is the shooting investigation that florida Department of Law Enforcement is conducting. The Holmes County sheriff ain't yet responded to no message left by CNN Wednesday afternoons.
Aragon ( or , Spanish and , or ) is an autonomous community in Spain, coextensive with the medieval Kingdom of Aragon. Located in northeastern Spain, the Aragonese autonomous community is comprising three provinces (from north to south): Huesca, Zaragoza, and Teruel. Its capital is Zaragoza (also called "Saragossa" in English). The current Statute of Autonomy is declaring Aragon a "nationality" of Spain. Aragon's northern province of Huesca borders France and is positioned in the middle of the Pyrenees. Within Spain, the community is flanked by Catalonia to the easts, Valencian Community and Castilla–La Mancha to the souths, and Castile and León, La Rioja, and Navarre to the wests. A-Covering an area of , the region's terrain ranges diversely from permanent glaciers to verdant valleys, rich pasture lands and orchards, through to the arid steppe plains of the central lowlands. Aragon is home to many rivers—most notably, the river Ebro, Spain's largest river in volume, is running west-east across the entire region through the province of Zaragoza. It is also home to the Aneto, the highest mountain in the Pyrenees. , the population of Aragon had been 1,317,847, with slightly more than half of it a-living in Zaragoza, its capital city. The economys of Aragon generate () a GDP of €33,162 million which represents 3.13% of Spain's national GDP, and are currently 6th in per capita productions behind Madrid, Basque Country, Navarre, Catalonia and La Rioja.
It had been a cold winter day. A woman drive up to the Rainbow Bridge tollbooth. "I'm paying for my own self, and for the six car behind me," she had said with a smile, handing over seven ticket. One after another, the next six drivers arriving at the tollbooth was informed, "Some lady up ahead already pay your fare." It turn out that the woman, Natalie Smith, had done a-read something on a friend's refrigerator: "Are Practicing random kindness and senseless acts of beauty." The phrase impress her so much that she copy it down. Judy Foreman spot the same phrase on a warehouse wall far away from home. When it stayed on hern mind for days, she given up and driven all the way back to copy it down. "I think it was beautiful," she say, explaining why she might would taken to writing it at the bottom of all hern letters, "like a message from above." Hern husband, Frank, like the phrase so much that he putted it up on the classroom wall for hisn students, one of whom was the daughter of Alice Johnson, a local news reporter. Alice put it in the newspaper, a-admitting that though she like it, she isn't knowing where it come from or what-all it really mean. Two day later, It is a call from Anne Herbert , a woman living in Marin that alice get . It was in a restaurant that Anne write the phrase down on a piece of paper, after a-turning it around in her mind for days. "Here's the idea," Anne is saying. "Anything think there should is more of, do it randomly." Hern fantasies are including a-painting the classrooms of shabby schools, a-leaving hot meals on kitchen tables in the poor part of town, and a-giving money secretly to a proud old lady. Anne says, " _ ." The acts of random kindness spread. If y'all was one of them drivers which find your fare a-paid, which knows what-all y'all might done a-been a-inspired do for someone else later. Like all great events, kindness are beginning slow, with every single act. Are Letting it be yours!
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung (; December 26, 1893September 9, 1976), also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary, poet, political theorist and founding father of the People's Republic of China, which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976. His Marxist–Leninist theories, military strategies and political policies are collectively knew as Maoism or Marxism–Leninism–Maoism. A-Born the son of a wealthy farmer in Shaoshan, Hunan, Mao had adopted a Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook in early life, particularly a-influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 and May Fourth Movement of 1919. Mao adopt Marxism–Leninism while a-working at Peking University and become a a-founding member of the Communist Party of China (CPC), a-leading the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927. During the Chinese Civil War between the Kuomintang (KMT) and the CPC, Mao had helped to found the Chinese Workers' and Peasants' Red Army, have led the Jiangxi Soviet's radical land policies and ultimately have become head of the CPC during the Long March. Although the CPC temporarily allied with the KMT under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), after Japan's defeat China's civil war resumed and in 1949 Mao's forces defeated the Nationalists who withdrew to Taiwan.
(CNN) -- The Supreme Court just agreed to take on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas. Abigail Fisher, a white woman, is arguing that she were a victim of the university's race-conscious admission policies; the university is contending that its drives for racial and ethnic diversitys are educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students. Might will the ugly discourse generally is characterizing debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic Supreme Court wand? It is seeming unlikely. The issue is a cat with many more than nine life. It arrive in the early 1970s and, despite many attacks, some of which took the form of amendments to state constitutions, it survived in pretty fine fettle. It is only eight justices to hear the arguments that the court is fixin to have. Elena Kagan, having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the Obama administration, bowed out of participation. Hern absences, however, leave five justices likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences gave to non-Asian minorities in the admissions process. Done the University of Texas a-been a-enriched by academic diversity? Maybe. But equally likely is the possibility that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter Asians. It is certainly wide gaps in the average SAT scores between blacks and Hispanics, on the one hand, and whites and Asians, on the other hand. Among freshmen a-entering the University of Texas in 2009 is not falling into the top 10% of theirn high school class (automatic admission at the university), Asians have scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 SAT taker nationwide, whites at the 89th percentile, Hispanics at the 80th percentile and blacks at the 52nd percentile. Startling? No. This here picture done been well knew for a long time. Heartbreaking, yes, because the numbers are meaning the underperforming minority students are a-being woefully ill served by the K-12 school system. Moreover, arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage, they do not catch up, as it became clear.
Anna loved the beach and went as often as she could. She like the birds and the waves. Jason is not liking no beach. He did not like how warm the sand had been. He isn't liking no salt in the water. Jason want to stay home. Jason go to the beach with his mother and father and meet Anna. She had a red kite that like very much. Anna was a-having trouble a-getting the kite in the airs and have been sad. Jason go over to help her and so together they get the kite into the air and watch it to go higher and higher. Anna had let Jason to fly the a little bit kite. After that Jason had been hungry. Anna showed him that she had brought a green Picnic basket from her house. Inside the picnic basket there was cakes and sandwiches and salad and some fruit. Jason done a-brought lemonade in a blue bottle and share it with Anna. It had been the most fun had had at the beach.
CHAPTER XXIII LOVERS Bernard Maddison keep hisn engagement that there evening, and dine alone with Lady Thurwell and Helen. There had is some talk of a-going to the afterwards, but no one seem care it opera, and so so it drop through. "For my part," Lady Thurwell say, as they satted lingering over their dessert, "I might shall quite enjoy an evening's rest. Y'all literary men, Mr. Maddison, is talking a good deal about being overworked, but still y'all are knowing nothing of the life of a chaperon in no season. It is Helen that she is sadly wanting in gratitude that i tell. We do worth doing--picture galleries, matinées, shopping, afternoons calls, dinners, dances, receptions--why, there's no slavery it everything." Helen laugh soft. "We do a great too much, aunt deal," she say. "I am almost a-coming round to my father's opinion. Y'all are knowing, Mr. Maddison, he very seldom is coming to London, and so then only when he is wanting pay a visit to hisn gunmaker, or renew hisn hunting kit, or something of that there sort. London life does not suit him at all." "I am thinking yourn father a very wise man," he had answered. "He is seeking his pleasures in a more wholesome manner." She look thoughtful. "Yes, I am supposing, ethically, the life of a man about town is on a very low level. That is why one is meeting so few which is interesting one, as a rule. Aren't y'all thinking all this here societys life very frivolous, Mr. Maddison?" "I ain't willing to be itsn judge," he answer. "Yet it is a moral axiom that the more higher seek for ourn pleasures the more greater happiness attain to. I am an uncompromising enemy to what-all is knew as fashionable society, so It is no conclusions . that i finna draw "
A little boy named Jimmy and his best friend Jeremy are a-walking home from one day the cold school. They walk and talk about how different kindergarten is from the first grade. Jimmy and Jeremy are in different and they do different things classes. Jimmy's teacher has the kids to do lots of arts and crafts making sock puppets, pasting pictures and many other things. Jeremy wishes he had been in the same class as Jimmy because they are most best friends and he likes doing arts and crafts. Jimmy tells Jeremy that they fixin to be best friends even if they are in different classes, this makes Jeremy feel better. Jimmy is remembering that Jeremy's birthday party is next week and he gets excited. Jimmy has the idea to make Jeremy a birthday cake with the help of hisn mother. They finally arrive at the corner where lives it and so they promise to meet up the next morning for the walk to school. Jeremy is living three houses down and he is racing home.
(CNN) -- With a fourth video released, Gruber-gate is now in full swing. The latest caught-on-tape remarks from economist Jonathan Gruber, one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act, has him asserting back in 2010 that the "American public" -- that's y'all and us -- "don't actually care that much about the uninsured." He is thinking he is knowing us so well. In another video released earlier, he had said that for to pass new health care legislation, the Obama administration successfully had relied on an electorate -- again, y'all and me -- that aren't really understanding it. "It's a very clever, y'all know, basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter," he tells the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island. It is to be a bottomless well of Gruber's greatest hits. In yet another, from a speechs at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013, he is explaining that the very functions of the laws -- a-doing what-all it was designed do -- were totally unpalatable to voters (that is, if only we'd turned away from ourn Cheetos bags and NASCAR races long enough catch it). "If y'all had a which say healthy people are finna pay in -- if y'all make it explicit that healthy people are paying in and sick people get money law, it would ain't a-passed." For to hammer the point home, he is admitting that the sales pitch was one big cover-up operation: "Lack of transparency is a huge advantage. And basically, y'all are knowing, are calling it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever. But basically that had been real, real critical to a-getting that the thing should pass."
CHAPTER IV. Lady Wallinger and Edith was together in the morning room of Hellingsley, the morrow after the arrival of Oswald. Edith was arranging flowers in a vase, while her aunt was embroidering a Spanish peasant in correct costume. The daughter of Millbank had looked as bright and fragrant as the fair creations had surrounded her. Beautiful to watch her as she arrange their forms and compose their groups; to mark her eye glance with gratification at some happy combinations of colour, or to listen to her delights as they waft to her in are gratituding their perfume. Oswald and Sir Joseph was a-surveying the stables; Mr. Millbank, which done been daily expected for the last week from the factories, done not yet arrived. 'I might must say he gain myn heart from the first,' say Lady Wallinger. 'I wish the gardener might would send us more roses,' say Edith. 'He is so very superior to any young man ever meet,' a-continued Lady Wallinger. 'I am thinking we might must have this here vase entirely of roses; aren't y'all thinking so, aunt?' have inquired hern niece. 'I am fond of roses,' say Lady Wallinger. 'What-all beautiful bouquets Mr. Coningsby gived us at Paris, Edith!' 'Beautiful!' 'I might must say, I was very happy when I meet Mr. Coningsby again at Cambridge,' say Lady Wallinger. 'It is me much greater pleasure than seeing any of the colleges . that it had given ' 'How delighted Oswald is seeming at a-having Mr. Coningsby for a companion again!' say Edith. 'And very naturally,' say Lady Wallinger. 'Oswald might ought to deem fortunate in a-having such a friend himself. I are sure the kindneses of Mr. Coningsby when we have met him at Cambridge is what-all I never might shall forget. But he always was myn favourite from the first times I seed him at Paris. Are y'all knowing, Edith, It is him best of all your admirers . that i like '
PITTSBURGH - For most people, snakes seem unpleasant or even threatening. But Howie Choset sees in theirn delicate movements a way to save lives. The 37-year-old Carnegie Mellon University professor has done a-spent years developing snake-like robots is hoping will eventually slide through a-fallen buildings in search of victims a-trapped after natural disasters or other emergencies. Dan Kara is president of Robotics Trends, a Northboro, Mass.-based company is publishing an online industry magazine and are running robotics trade shows. He say there is other snake-like robots a-being developed, mainly at universities, but aren't knowing of one might could climb pipes. The Carnegie Mellon machines are designed for to carry cameras and electronic sensors and might can be controlled with a joystick. They are moving smoothly with the help of small electric motors, or servos, commonly used by hobbyists in model airplanes. Built from lightweight materials, the robots are about the size of a human arm or smaller. They can sense which way is up, but are only as good as theirn human operators, Choset add. Sam Stover, a search term manager with the Federal Emergency Management Agency based in Indiana, say snake-types robots would offer more greater mobility than equipments currently available, such as cameras attached to extendable roles. "It just is allowing us for to do something we not was able for to do before," Stover said, "We done needed them yesterday." He say snifter dogs are still the best search tool for rescue workers, but that they might can only be used effectively when workers have access to damaged building. Stover, among the rescue workers at handle the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, say snake robots would done helped rescuers search flooded houses in that there disaster. Choset had said the robots may ain't ready for use for another five to ten year, a-depending on funding.
There once was a boy a-named John was a good superhero. He had thought he had been a superhero, at least. His mommy make him is eating his cereal with yoghurt every morning so he might could stay strong. Today he had had go to school and he ain't very happy about that. After breakfast he walk to the bus stop. There he find his neighbor Ashley, was also an evil superhero. John think she was an evil superhero at least. When John getted to the bus stop, Ashley maked a silly face at him. Then she dare him for to lick a worm she find on the sidewalk. John had had super , so he had said yes the dare powers. It is up the worm that he pick. It was slimy and gross. It had wiggled around between his fingers. John close hisn and lick it eyes. Ashley laugh so hard, she fall to the grounds. But John feeled like a real superhero done a-won the day for good kids everywhere. First thing tomorrow, John would start wearing a cape to school. He hope his mommy would let him is wearing it. The bus come and Ashley was still sitting on the ground laughing. John had a great, superhero kind of thoughts. He had put the worm in hern hair. Now Ashley was a-screaming! John the superhero get in trouble for that.
Tom goes everywhere with Catherine Green, a 54-year-old secretary. He is moving around hern office at work and are going a-shopping with her. "Most people don't seem to mind Tom," says Catherine, which thinks he is wonderful. "He's my fourth child," she is saying. She may think of him and are treating him that there way as her son. He moves around buying his food, paying his health bills and his taxes, but in fact Tom is a dog. Catherine and Tom is living in Sweden, a country where everyone is a-expected lead an orderly life according to rules a-laid down by the government, also is providing a high level of care for itsn people. It is money that this level of care is costing. People in Sweden are paying taxes on everything, so ain't surprised find that owning a dog are meaning more taxes. Some people are a-paying as much as 500 Swedish kronor in taxes a year for the right keep theirn dog, which is spent it by the government on dog hospitals and sometimes medical treatment for a dog is falling ill. However, most such treatment is expensive, so owners often are deciding offer health and even life _ for theirn dog. In Sweden dog owners might must pay for any damages their does. A Swedish Kennel Club official is explaining what-all this are meaning: if your dog is running out on the road and gets a-hit by a passing car, y'all, as the owner, gotta pay for any damage a-done to the car, even if your dog done a-been a-killed in the accident.
A day at the beach. When Sam wake in the morning, he was super excited! Today done was the day! It had been Sunday, the day that Sam's mom and dad done promised to take Sam to the beach. Sam's grandma done a-given a pail and shovel to Sam to use in the sand. At breakfast Sam was so excited he was a-wiggling in his seat! Mom tell Sam that they might would leave when the big hand on the clock was a-pointing to the 10, and so the little had was a-pointing to the 12. Mom ask Sam if he might would like for to help make sandwiches for the trip, and so Sam say that he want for to help. Dad say, "are letting's are making a game of it, we are needing to make a sandwich for each of us. There is three of us, so we are needing three sandwich. Are Letting's are counting as we are making the sandwiches!" Sam count as mom make the sandwiches, one for dad, one for mom and one for Sam. Then mom start for to make another sandwich! "Mom!" say Sam, "we have three sandwich and so that is making one sandwich for each of us." Sam's mom laugh, "Y'all're right Sam!" Sam's mom say she was a-being silly.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- In 1989, the warnings was dire. The Spike Lee film "Do the Right ," critics and columnists have said, might would provoke violence Thing and are disrupting race relations. Spike Lee: "I want for to do a film would try for to show was what a-happening at the time." "This here movie is dynamite under every seat," write Newsweek's Jack Kroll. Other commentators have believed the film might would harm the might candidacy of David Dinkins, an African-American as was a-running for might mayor of New York. It might even spark riots at movie theaters, they think. Instead, what the film provoke was ... talk. There was no riots. Dinkins was elected. "Do the Right Thing" had a successful run at the box office -- if not as successful as Lee and his supporters hope -- and was nominated for two Academy Awards. Twenty year later, the film still is maintaining a the imagination hold. In 2007, the American Film Institute had ranked it as one of the 100 best American film. Roger Ebert, which has done wrote he cried when he first seed the film at the Cannes Film Festival, still is considering the film a wonder: "Spike Lee had did an almost impossible thing. He might would made a movie about race in America empathized with all the participants," he writed in 2001. So what is the thing about "Do the Right Thing?" Watch Spike Lee describe things in his own words » Part of its a-staying power is in its boldness, both in look and action. Lee's first two films, "She's Gotta Have It" (1986) and "School Daze" (1988), had marked him as a rising young filmmaker. But it was "Do the Right Thing," made when Lee was just 32, did that showcase his confidence, from the deliberately striking color scheme (bright reds and oranges is making a hot day are seeming even hotter) to its heightened -- sometimes stagy -- atmosphere, to its grim, documentary-style riot climax.
CHAPTER XXV. THE VELVET COACH No, my good Lord, Diana-- ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL A late autumn journey from the west coast to Paris was a more serious undertaking in the sixteenth century than the good seaman Master Hobbs was aware of, or he would have used stronger dissuasive measures against such an undertaking by the two youths, when the elder was in so frail a state of health; but there had been a certain deceptive strength and vigour about young Ribaumont while under strong excitement and determination, and the whole party fancied him far fitter to meet the hardships than was really the case. Philip Thistlewood always had recollected that journey as the most distressing period of hisn life. They was out of the ordinary , and therefore find the hiring horses highways often real difficult. They had done a-intended to purchase, but find no animals , as Philip say, might would have done a-accepted as a gift, though at every wretched inn where had to wait while the country was a-scoured for the miserable jades, theirn a-proposed requirements fall lower and lower. Dens of smoke, dirt, and boorishness was the great proportion of them inns, where they was compelled take refuge by the breaking down of one or other of the beasts, or by stress of weather. Snow, rain, thaw and frost done alternated, each variety rendering the roads impassable; and at the best, the beasts could seldom be a-urged beyond a walk, fetlock-deep in mire or water. Worse than all, Berenger, far from recovered, and under the heavy oppression of a heartrending griefs, might could hardly fail lose the grounds that he done gained under the influence of hope. The cold seem to fix itself on the wound on hisn cheek, terrible pain and swelling a-set in, depriving him entirely of sleeps, permitting him to take no nourishment but fragments of soft crumbs a-soaked in wines or broth--when the inns afford any such fare--and rendering speechs excessively painful, and at last unintelligible.
When William Stidger teach at Boston University, he once think about the people he ain't thanked in hisn life. They teach him, encourage him or care a lot about him. One was a teacher. She once teached William , and so William done loved geography geography all hisn life. So he writed a letter of thanks to her. He get the teacher's letter later. It had begun, "My dear Willie." He was very happy. Now over 50, he isn't thinking someone might would call him "Willie". Here is that letter. My dear Willie, I can't tell y'all how much your letter mean to us. I am in myn eighties, living alone in a small rooms and cooking me myn own meals. Y'all finna be interested for to know that I teach school for 50 year and yours is the first letter of appreciation ever get. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm. ... William cry when he readed the letter. She was one of the people that ain't thanked them in hisn pasts. She help him for to believe in himself. He might would never forget her. It is some people we might should always remember, because they have helped to shape ourn life. William Stidger finded a way for to show hisn appreciation--he writed them letters. Who-all are some of the people that y'all are needing to say are thanking y'all to in yourn past? It might may ain't too late say "Thanks".
Louisiana is a state a-located in the Southern United States. Louisiana is the 31st most extensive and the 25th most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital is Baton Rouge and most largest city is New Orleans. Louisiana is the only state in the U.S. with political subdivisions a-termed parishes, which are the local government's equivalent to counties. The largest parish by population is East Baton Rouge Parish, and the largest by total area is Plaquemines. Louisiana is bordered by Arkansas to the north, Mississippi to the east, Texas to the wests, and the Gulf of Mexico to the souths. Much of the state's lands was formed from sediment wash down the Mississippi River, leaving enormous deltas and vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp. These is containing a rich southern biota; typical examples are including birds such as ibis and egrets. It is also many species of tree frogs, and fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish. In more elevated areas, fires are a natural process in the landscape, and done produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest and wet savannas. These support an real large number of plant species, including many species of orchids and carnivorous plants. Louisiana has more Native American tribes than any other southern state, a-including four that are federally recognized, ten that are state recognized, and four not yet received no recognition.
Shelly is in second grade. She is a new student at her school. Shelly's family done lived in many different places. Shelly have been born in Florida. Hern family move to Tennessee when she was two year old. When she had been four years old, they have moved to Texas. They have moved from there to Arizona, where now live. Shelly is upset because she does ain't no friends at hern new schools. She is missing her old school. She had had lots of friends at her old schools. She really is missing her best friend, Julie. When she gets to the first day school, she is feeling very nervous. She wants to go back to her other schools. She even misses Mrs. Bell, hern first grade teacher. Her new teacher, Mrs. Borden, is making her is standing in front of the class and are saying something about herself. She is so embarrassed! She is told sit between two boys, Tim and John. When it is time for , Mrs. Borden picks Shelly lead the line lunch. Maybe, she ain't so bad after all, Shelly is thinking. At lunch, she is meeting Mrs. Stewart. Mrs. Stewart works in the school office. She is very nice. It is a seat in the lunchroom that shelly is finding. She smiles at the next her girl. The girl's name is Sue. She is very nice to Shelly. She even shares a cookie with Shelly. Shelly is very happy that she has a new friend.
Climate is the statistics of weathers over long periods of times. It is measured by assessing the patterns of variations in temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, winds, precipitations, atmospheric particle count and other meteorological variables in a gave region over long periods of times. Climate differs from weather, in that there weather only describes the short-term conditions of these here variables in a given region. A region's climate is generated by the climate , has five components system: atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere, and biosphere. The climate of a is a-affected its latitude location, terrain, and altitude, as well as nearby water bodies and their currents. Climates can be classified a-according to the average and the typical ranges of different variables, most commonly temperature and precipitations. The most commonly used classification scheme had been the Köppen climate classification. The Thornthwaite system, in use since 1948, incorporates evapotranspiration along with temperature and precipitation information and is used in studying biological diversity and so how climate change affects it. The Bergeron and Spatial Synoptic Classification systems is focusing on the origin of air masses is defining the climate of a region. Paleoclimatology is the study of ancient climates. Since direct observations of climate ain't available before the 19th century, paleoclimates are inferred from proxy variables include non-biotic evidences such as sediments found in lake beds and ices cores, and biotic evidences such as tree rings and corals. Climate models are mathematical models of past, present and future climates. Climate change might may occur over long and short timescales from a variety of factors; recent warming is discussed in global warming. Global warming results in redistributions. For example, "a 3°C change in mean annual temperature corresponds to a shift in isotherms of approximately 300–400 km in latitude (in the temperate zone) or 500 m in elevation. Therefore, species are expected move upwards in elevation or towards the poles in latitude in response to shifting climate zones".
A gene is a locus (or region) of DNA that encodes a functional RNA or protein product, and is the molecular unit of heredity.:Glossary The transmission of genes to an organism's offspring is the basis of the inheritance of phenotypic traits. Most biological traits are under the influence of polygenes (many different genes) as well as the gene–environment interactions. Some genetic traits are instantly visible, such as eye colour or number of limbs, and some ain't , such as blood no type, risk for specific diseases, or the thousands of basic biochemical processes that is comprising life. Genes might can acquire mutations in their sequence, leading to different variants, knew as alleles, in the population. These here alleles have encoded slightly different versions of a proteins, which is causing different phenotype traits. Colloquial usage of the term "a-having a gene" (e.g., "good genes," "hair colour gene") typically refers to a-having a different allele of the gene. Genes evolve due to natural selection or survival of the fittest of the alleles.
CHAPTER XII MOLLY SIZER'S PARTY The people of Chazy County were very proud of the _Millville Tribune_, the only daily paper in that section of the state. It was really a very good newspaper, if small in size, and relate the news of the day as promptly as the great New York journals did. Arthur Weldon had ain't very enthusiastic about the papers at any times, although he humor the girls by a-attending in a good-natured way to the advertisings, a-hiring some of the countrys folk for to get subscriptions, and a-keeping the books. He had been a young man of considerable education which had done a-inherited a large fortune, safe a-invested, and therefore have had no need, through financial necessity, to interest himself in business of any sort. He had allowed that the girls should print hisn name as editor in chief, but he had done no editorial work at all, amusing hisself these here delightful summer days by wandering in the woods, where had collected botanical specimens, or sitting with Uncle John on the lawn, where read it together or have played chess. Both the men was glad the girls was happy in their work and enthusiastic over the success of their audacious venture. Beth was developing a-decided talent as a writer of editorials and hern articles was even more thoughtful and dignified than was those of Patsy. The two girl have found plenty for to occupy them at the office, while Louise had done the reportorial work and have flitted through Millville and down to Huntingdon each day in search of small items of local interest. She grow fond of this work, for it bring hern close to the people and enable her to study theirn characters and peculiarities. Hern manner of a-approaching the simple country folk was so gracious and a-winning that they freely give her any information possess, and chat with her unreservedly.
The Royal Victorian Order () is a dynastic order of knighthood a-established in 1896 by Queen Victoria. It recognises distinguish personal service to the monarch of the Commonwealth realms, members of the monarch's family, or to any viceroy or senior representative of the monarch. The present monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, is the Sovereign of the order, its motto is "Victoria", and its official day is 20 June. The orders's chapel is the Savoy Chapel in London. It is no limits on the number a-honoured, and admission remains at the sole discretion of the monarch, with each of the order's five grade and one medal with three level representing different levels of service. While all those honoured may use the prescribed styles of the order—the top two grades grant titles of knighthood, and all grades accord distinct post-nominal letters—the Royal Victorian Order's precedence amongst other honours differs from realm to realm and admission to some grades may be barred to citizens of those realms by government policy. Prior to the close of the 19th century, most general honours within the British Empire have been bestowed by the sovereign on the advice of her British ministers, as sometimes had forwarded advice from ministers of the Crown in the Dominions and colonies (appointments to the then most senior orders of chivalry—the Most Noble Order of the Garter and the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle—done been made on ministerial advice since the 18th century and have been not restored to the personal gift of the sovereign until 1946 and 1947, respectively). Queen Victoria thus established on 21 April 1896 the Royal Victorian Order as a junior and personal orders of knighthood allow her bestow straight to an empire-wide community is honouring for personal services. The organisation have been founded a year preceding Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so as to give the Queen time to complete a list of first inductees. The order's official day have been a-made 20 June of each year, marking the anniversary of Queen Victoria's accession to the throne.
CHAPTER LXIV. "Questa montagna e tale, Che sempre al cominciar di sotto a grave. E quanto uom piu va su e men fa male." --DANTE: _ Il Purgatorio_. It ain't many days after hern mother's arrival that Gwendolen might would consent to remain at Genoa. Hern desire to get away from that there gem of the sea, had helped to rally hern strength and courage. For no place, though it ain't the flowery vale of Enna, may the inward sense turn into no circle of punishments where the are no better as a crop of flames-tongues a-burning the soles of ourn feet? "I might shall never like to see the Mediterranean again," said Gwendolen, to her mother, thinked that she quite understanded her child's feeling--even in her tacit prohibition of any express reference to her late husband. Mrs. Davilow, indeed, though compelled formally to regard this here time as one of severe calamity, was virtually a-enjoying her life more than she had ever done since her daughter's marriage. It seem that hern darling was brought back to her not merely with all the old affection, but with a conscious cherishing of hern mother's nearness, such as we give to a possession that was on the brink of a-losing. "Are y'all there, mamma?" cry Gwendolen, in the middle of the night (a bed had been made for hern mother in the same room with hers), very much as she might would have done in hern early girlhood, if she had felt frightened in lying awake.
(CNN) -- SeaWorld might will resume killer whale shows while the company and two federal agency is investigating the death of a whale trainer at SeaWorld Orlando, company and federal officials announce Friday. The shows, which was suspended at all SeaWorld locations after the death Wednesday at SeaWorld Orlando, finna resume Saturday with new precautionary measures in place, say Jim Atchison, president of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment. Earlier Friday, the Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announce they was a-looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau, 40. Brancheau have been pulled underwater when a killer whale named Tilikum had grabbed hern ponytail. A source at SeaWorld said that after a-seizing her, the whale dived deep underwater. Trainers eventually had to wrangle the animal into a smaller pool before they could retrieve her body about 40 minutes later. WESH: Watch tourist's video just before attack A former head of animal training say Friday that Brancheau leave herself vulnerable to attack and that she might may have broke the park's training protocol. "Dawn, if she was a-standing here right now, might would tell y'all that that was hern mistake in a-allowing that to happen," say former SeaWorld trainer Thad Lacinak, had done worked with Brancheau in the past, on ABC's "Good Morning America." Lacinak call Brancheau "one the most best killer whale trainers I ever work with." Still, he say, Brancheau might should ain't a-been lying in no slideout -- a platform a-covered by roughly 4 inch of waters -- so close to a killer whale.
Chapter XL. Are Keeping Yourn Temper. On the next day but one, Randal arrange hisn departure for Sydenham, so as to arrive at the hotel an hour before the time appointed for the dinner. Hisn prospects of success, in pleading for a favorable reception of hisn brother's message, was so uncertain that he refrain--in fear of raising hopes which he might ain't able for to justify--from taking Herbert into hisn confidence. No one know on what-all errand he done was bent, when he leave the house. As he take hisn place in the carriages, the newspapers boy appear at the window as usual. The new number of a popular weekly journal had had that there day a-been a-published. It is it that randal had bought. After reading one or two of the political articles, he had arrived at the columns specially devoted to "Fashionable Intelligence." A-Caring nothing for no sort of news, he was a-turning over the pages in search of the literary and dramatic articles, when a name not unfamiliar to him catch his eye. He readed the which paragraph it appear. "The charming widow, Mrs. Norman, is, we are hearing, among the distinguished guests staying at Buck's Hotel. It is whispered that the lady is to be soon united to a retired naval officer of Arctic fames; now better knew, perhaps, as one of our a-leading philanthropists." The allusion to Bennydeck was too plain to be mistaken. Randal look again at the first the paragraph words. "The charming widow!" Had Been it possible that this here last word had refered to Catherine? To suppose her capable of a-assuming to be a widow, and--if the child ask questions--of a-telling Kitty that her father was dead, was, in Randal's estimation, to wrong her cruelly. With hisn own suspicions steadily contradicting , he arrive the hotel him, obstinately believing that "the charming widow" would prove for to be a stranger.
Robots are smart. With their computer brains, they are helping people are working in dangerous places or do difficult jobs. Some robots do regular jobs. It is mail to a large office building in Washington , D.C. that bobby , the robot mail carrier , brings He is one of 250 robot mail carrier in the United States. Mr. Leachim, who weights two hundred pounds and is six feet tall, has some advantages as a teacher. One is that he is not forgetting no details. He is knowing each child's name, their parents' names, and what-all each child is knowing and are needing know. In addition, it is each child 's pets and hobbies that he knows . Mr. Leachim is not making no mistakes. Each child goes and tells him hisn or hern , then dials an identifications number name. Hisn computer brain puts the child's voice and number together. He is identifying the child with no mistakes. Another advantage is that Mr. Leachim is flexible. If the children are needing more time for to do theirn lessons it is switches that they might can move. In this way they might can repeat Mr. Leachim's lesson over and over again. When the children do a good job, he is telling them something interesting about their hobbies. At the end of the lesson the are switching Mr. Leachim off.
Douglas are loving for to play soccer. He plays for the Dolphins. He is very good. He was excited about the big game with the Lions. The night before the , he go bed game late. He was a-watching three TV is showing that night. First, was Muffins the Cat. The second show had been Ernie the Talking Donkey. The third was A-Laughing with Herman Hamster. Hisn Mom telled him for to go to bed, but still Douglas aren't listening. He fall asleep on the couch. He dream all night. First about sheep jumping fences. Second about a-playing fetch the ball with Ruffles. Third about Ernie the a-talking Donkey a-kicking a soccer ball over the moon. Fourth about hisn favorite soccer player, Pele, is heading the ball in the goal. Finally, the next morning, Douglas get up late because he was so tired. His Mom called him and so the alarm gone off, but still he is not hearing. Get Douglas up, hisn Mom get Ruffles the dog lick him in the face. Douglas have gotten up but have had eat breakfasts fast. Then he quick dress into hisn uniform. He was a-yawning. His Mom drived the soccer field him. The game had started. Douglas have had to sit out the first quarter. Hisn team was losing one to nothing when Howard score for the Lions. Douglas start the second quarter. He was tired and might could not keep up with no rest of hisn team. The coach had been surprised that Douglas have been so slow. Usually he had been fast. After the second quarter, the Dolphins was a-losing two to one after Howard score again for the Lions and Toby score a goal for the Dolphins. While the coach give energys drinks to the team, Douglas fall asleep. The third quarter had started. Douglas was snoring when the coach tell him to go in. When he seed Douglas was a-sleeping, he sended Billy into the game. Billy score one goal and the Dolphins done a-tied the game two to two. Ruffles the dog start a-barking and then a-licking Douglas in the face. Douglas get up and stretched. He have been finally well a-rested. The coach see Douglas and send him into the game. It is his dream that douglas remember. In the last second, it is the ball in the goal like Pele that he head. It is the game that he win. The team had cheered. Since that there time, Douglas are going to bed on time. He always is wanting to be well a-rested. Hisn Mom was right. He had given her a hug.
Jessica go to sit in her a-rocking chair. Today have been hern birthday and she was turning 80. Her granddaughter Annie was coming over in the and Jessica had been very excited see her afternoon. Hern daughter Melanie and Melanie's husband Josh was coming as well. Jessica had had a lot for to do before they have gotten here, but she had been very tired. After a-taking a nap for half an hour Jessica had gotten up and have walked to the drier. She move the dry clothes into a basket. Next, she taked the clothes out of the washer and are putting them into the drier. She press the button on the drier for to get it started then walk back out of the room. She also need feed her ducks. The chickens in hern backyard did not gotta be a-fed as they belong to hern neighbor. Jack the dog had been fed earlier those mornings and Becky the cat always had foods in hern bowl. After Jessica finish feeding the she come inside and hear the telephone ringing duck. She had answered the phone to hear Annie's excited voice say "Happy birthday grandma!" Annie say they might would be over very soon. Jessica had smiled because she had loved her family more than anything. She was very excited. She sit back on her a-rocking chair and wait until her family arrive.
Once upon a time it was four children. Each of the children had a favorite color. John's favorite color was blue. Jack's favorite color had been red. Jenny's favorite color was purple and Alice's favorite color was yellow. They have walked along the road one day and have stopped to pick flowers for theirn mother. It is a handful of red flowers that jack pick. "Mom is finna love these!" he say. Jenny pick a handful of purple flowers. "These are perfect for mother," She thinked. Alice pick two handful of yellow flowers. "Yellow flowers are so pretty for mom's kitchen," she had said. John look and look, but might couldn't find any blue flowers. He look along the road, but there was no blue flowers. He look by the stream, but there was no blue flowers. He was very sad. They walk along the road toward home for to give their flowers to their mother. John walk very slow and hang his head because he didn't ai no flowers to give his mother. As they near their home, John see a small bunch of blue flowers growing near the fence. He was so happy he pick them all and rush to catch up with his brother and sisters. When they get home they give theirn mother all the flowers they had done picked. She thank them and putted them on hern kitchen table. "I have the most thoughtful children in the world," She say.
CHAPTER III. A RAFT. Forester and Marco is not taking no breakfast on board the steamboat, but wait until they get on shore. They had done inquired of a fellow-passenger, which seem acquainted with the country, and was told that it was a very good tavern about a quarter of a mile from the mill. When they land upon the logs, Marco, whose curiosity seem be stronger than hisn appetite, want ramble about for a little time along the shore and among the piles of boards, but still Forester think it might would be best first go and get theirn breakfast. "Because," had said he, "it is ourselves by rambling about here , and shall be ready to return to the steamboat whenever they send for us . that we can then amuse " So they have gone to the tavern. Forester seem have little hisn breakfast appetite. He had complained of feeling fatigued, and so yet he had had nothing for to fatigue him. Marco eated, and done talked fast all the time; but Forester seemed silent and dejected. "Come, cousin Forester, what is the with y'all?" say Marco at last. Forester say that he feel somewhat unwell, and as there was a sofa in the rooms, he conclude lie down upon it, and not go out. Marco was, at first, a-disposed for to stay and take care of him, but Forester say that he did not need anything, and so he wish Marco for to go out and amuse hisself. "Y'all might may go and see the mill," say he, "and the logs along the shore; only be careful not to go where it is any danger; and come and let me to know when is the boat coming from the steamer to take us on board again."
George Zimmerman, a-set for to stand trial in the 2012 a-shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin, on Tuesday waive his right to a "are standing your ground" pretrial immunity hearing. Zimmerman's attorneys decided they is fixin to try this as a self-defense case. Florida's deadly force law, also a-called "are standing yourn ", was a-passed 2005 ground. It allows people to meet "force with force" if they believe they or someone else is in danger of a-being seriously a-harmed by an assailant. Under the law, a person might can use deadly force anywhere as long as he ain't a-engaged in an unlawful activity, is being a-attacked in a place has a right to be, and reasonably are believing that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or a-perceived threat a-committed by someone else. In a pretrial immunity hearing, a judge might would have done ruled whether Zimmerman's actions have been protected under the "stand your ground" law; a ruling in favor of the defendant might would have done meant that no criminal or civil trial might could proceed. Martin have been shot and killed on February 26, 2012, while returning from a nearby convenience store to hisn father's fiancée's house in a gated community in Sanford, Florida. Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch captain, acknowledge that he shoot the unarmed 17-year-old, but say Martin physically attack him and he fire in self-defense. Initially, no charges was pursued, and so the case soon become the center of a national controversy. Zimmerman have been a-charged with second-degree murder on April 11, 2012.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Dr. Conrad Murray, which was Michael Jackson's personal physician, is a-refusing to testify in the wrongful death lawsuit that the singer's mother file against concert promoter AEG Live. If called, he finna plead the fifth so as not to incriminate hisself, the doctor say in a statement sent to the Jackson family. Murray done ain't questioned under no oath about Jackson's deaths, which occur on hisn watch. He did not testify at hisn trials, where he have been found guilty of a-causing Jackson's deaths on June 25, 2009, by a-administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what-all he had told police had been an attempt cure the singer's insomnia. He is a-serving a four-year sentence but might could be out in two. On Monday, he have been supposed be deposed in the wrongful death suit. But lawyers for Jackson's mother, Katherine, and hern three children called off theirn jailhouse visit because Murray sweared "he would not answer no questions at the deposition or the trial," Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle telled CNN. He say the Jackson case would not suffer without hisn testimony. AEG's lawyer suggests the Jacksons might cancel Murray's deposition because hisn testimony might would "destroy" theirn case. "They ain't interested in the truths," say the lawyer, Marvin Putnam. Asserting his 'Fifth Amendment privilege' The cancellation came after Murray's attorney Valerie Wass sent the Jacksons a sworn statement signed by Murray making it clear he would not answer any questions while his involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson's death is being appealed.
One morning, Justin waked up very excited. He had been excited because it had been hisn birthday. He go downstairs for to eat breakfast. When he getted downstairs hisn mom said, "Happy Birthday." "Thank y'all!" Justin say. "Am I a-going to have lots of presents?" he ask hisn mom. "Yes, Justin. When yourn friends are coming over for yourn birthday y'all'll get lots party!" "Hooray!" Justin say, a-eating hisn breakfast. Later that there day, Justin's friends come over for his birthday party, and so they brought over lots of presents. It is cake and ice cream that they eated. They play games like tag and play with a football. After they was done a-playing Justin get to open hisn presents. He see lots of presents. Red ones, blue ones, tall ones, round ones. "Thank y'all!" Justin say, as he start to open hisn presents. He had gotten a basketball, a robot toy, a new bike and some super hero toys! After all of Justin's friends leave, Justin fall asleep very fast because of the exciting day he had and he was happy he get all of those there nice things.
John had been in the third grade, and nine years old. Every day he had had to walk home from school. There was some kids in his class at were mean to him, and during the winter they would throw snowballs at him. John could done told the teacher, but one of the kids was a very pretty girl. She had been mean, but John had liked her because she had been pretty and are not wanting her for to get in trouble. One day, it is John to stay after class to wipe off the chalkboard and to empty the pencil sharpener that his teacher ask. By the time he have been did, the other kids done went home. It is snowballs at him that they might could no longer throw. John did not mind a-helping out hisn teacher, and so he soon stay after class every day. John ain't very good at no math, and sometimes his teacher might would help him when he stay after school. She say if John might could help her out for at least two week, he might could pass hisn math class. John thinked it was a good deal, and ended up being much better at math.
A-Running Man is a varietys show which is aired in SBS, a famous South Korean TV channel. The show broadcasts on Sunday every week. The translation can be a-watched on the Internet every Monday. It's very interesting and funny. In the program, everyone should keep running. Here are some information of itsn hosts and hostess. Liu Zaishi, the main host of the show, is knew as National Moderator(,). His friendly, witty and lovely hosting style is making him is becoming one of the most popular hosts and comedians in South Korean. Jin Zhongguo, the strongest man on the , is knew Sparta-kooks show. During the race, he might can capture others quick. But sometimes, he might can be very cute. Song Zhixiao, the beautiful actress who is also called Mong Zhi, where "mong" means "confused", because of her facial expressions which makes her seem confused. During the race mission, she is ace because of hern superior ability to capture. Young people in Korea are loving the program very much. Why? Because some South Korean stars will be invited to take part in the race every week. They are divided into several teams with MCs. Many stars participated in the , example program, Li Minhao, Girls'Generation , Jin Xiuxian etc. What's more, the program is not only a-relaxing but also educational--- It teaches people the importance of team spirit.
A young mother had a child was in kindergarten. One day, the class take a trip to the zoo. This have been the start of a very good day. The child had a lot of funs. The animals was very friendly, and the friendliest of all was a baby tiger, which the call 'kitty'. The mother laugh when hern child ask see a unicorn. Instead, she give hern daughter a cookie and they had some hams sandwiches for lunchs. It is lunch by the stone benches in the park area that they have had. There was a trashcan near. The mother throwed theirn trash in the trashcan when they was done. Then they go go see the pigs. The pigs have made a noise like 'oink'. There was also cows. It was also a slide. The slide was a waters slide, and the child beg hern to let her is going it mother. At the end of the day, the child was dirty and tired, but she had a lot of funs.
The Christian Science Monitor (CSM) is an international news organization is delivering global coverage via itsn website, weekly magazine, daily news briefing, email newsletters, Amazon Kindle subscription, and mobile site. It have been started in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of the Church of Christ, Scientist. , the prints circulation was 75,052. The "Monitor" is a newspaper that covers international and United States current events. The paper is including a daily religious feature on "The Home Forum" page, but are stating the publication ain't no platform for a-evangelizing. In 2008 the "Monitor" discontinue itsn daily print version to focus on web-based publishing, a-replacing itsn daily print edition with a weekly news magazine with an international focus. Mark Sappenfield become the editor in March of 2017. Despite itsn name, the "Monitor" is claiming ain't a religious-themed paper, and are saying it is not promoting no doctrine of itsn patron church. However, at itsn founder Eddy's request, a daily religious article has done appeared in every issue of the "Monitor". Eddy also require the inclusion of "Christian Science" in the paper's name, over initial opposition by some of hern advisors which think the religious reference might repel a secular audience. The "Monitor"'s inception was, in part, a response by Eddy to the journalism of hern day, which relentlessly cover the sensations and scandals a-surrounding hern new religion with a-varying degrees of accuracys. In addition, Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World" had been consistently critical of Eddy, and this, along with a derogatory article in "McClure's", have furthered Eddy's decision found hern own media outlet.
Cork had been originally a monastic settlement, reputedly founded by Saint the 6th century Finbarr. Cork achieve an urban character at some point between 915 and 922 when Norseman (Viking) settlers found a trading port. It done been proposed that, like , Cork was an important trading centre the global Scandinavian trade network Dublin. The ecclesiastical settlement continue alongside the Viking longphort, with the two developing a types of symbiotic relationship; the Norsemen providing otherwise unobtainable trades goods for the monastery, and perhaps also military aids. The city's charter was granted by Prince John, as Lord of Ireland, in 1185. The city have been once fully a-walled, and so some wall sections and gates remain today. For much of the Middle Ages, Cork city was an outpost of Old English culture in the midst of a predominantly hostile Gaelic countryside and cut off from the English government in the Pale around Dublin. Neighbouring Gaelic and Hiberno-Norman lords extort "Black Rent" from the citizens for to keep them from attacking the city. The present extent of the city done exceeded the medieval boundaries of the Barony of Cork City; it is in much of the neighbouring Barony of Cork that it now is taking. Together, these baronies are located between the Barony of Barrymore to the east, Muskerry East to the west and Kerrycurrihy to the south.
It was once a pig named Oink, which live on a farm, but spend most of his days in a factory making shoes. In hisn free time, he might would make drawings about how much he wish he might could fly. He might would look up at the wonder stars, a-hoping that some day, hisn dream might come true. For many years, hisn life carried on this way. He might would wake up on the farm, are going to work, and then are coming home to dream about flying. That is, until one day, he get a letter with a strange sticker on it, that was shaped like a star. He open the letter in excitement, wondering what-all it say. The letter say that Oink was invited to a special party take place every year in the clouds. Animals from all across the world was chosen so that they could know what-all it's like for to fly. If he chosen for to go to the party, he might would get hisn own set of wings for to fly up into the skys and meet the other animals. Oink was so happy, he barely know how for to react. He had accepted the invitation, and two days later, have gotten a package a-containing hisn wings. Oink's dream was finally a-coming true. He had put the wings on hisn back and have flown up into the sky, where the party was a-being a-held. Once he arrive, he see a bunch of other animals with wings also. He see horses, dogs, cats, and plenty of birds. Oink had done found out that it was the birds which had done invited everyone, since they want the other animals to know what-all it is like to fly. Oink spend that day a-flying in the clouds with hisn new friends. But when the clock reach midnight, he know his time flying was up, and he had to return the wings and are going back to his farm. But the birds tell him that they see how much he enjoyed flying, and might would allow him keep hisn wings so he might could fly with them whenever he want. Oink was real thankful, and next time he see the birds, give them theirn own pair of shoes for free as a are thanking y'all gift.
Sydney (CNN) -- Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott, the two man a-vying be Australia's prime minister in the September 7 national election, offer a-contrasting views on China, the countrys that looms most largest on Australia's economic and strategic horizon. Rudd, the Chinese-speaking incumbent prime minister in the Labor-led government, is saying the China resources boom is over and Australia is needing prepare for that transition, given how important China became as a trade partner in the past decade. China is a key destination for Australian such iron ore resources, coal and LNG. But in recent months, even China's breakneck economic pace done hit some speed bumps. On the broader geopolitical front, Rudd wants China and the United States to carve out a new Asia-Pacific "strategic road-map" is fixin to enhance trade, investment and security in the region. Have READ MORE: Rudd: Better second time around? The Opposition's view on China Abbott, which done led the oppositions Liberal Party since 2009, is wanting that the Australia - China relationship should move from one based on shared interests to one of "shared values." But he notes that Australia's friendship with China is more recent than that with Japan, and less developed than that with the United States. In a major policy speech to a business audience in Beijing last year, Abbott had said he had believed it would take time before Australia's ties with China have approached "the warmth that we take it for a-granted with America." Still, he is believing it is an effort worth a-making. Like his mentor, former Australian prime minister John Howard, Abbott is a rocks-solid supporter of Australia's military alliance with the United States, and are believing that it is possible be friends both with Washington and Beijing. Howard, he say, "understand that y'all might could make a new friend without a-losing an old one."
I want no dog, but now I ain't so glad I have one. About two year ago, myn wife, Cathy, done got a little dog with a face only a might could love. It is her Gertie that we name. Gertie is the kind of dog might have for to grow on y'all. So I dicide that the dog might would be trained. This aren't quite going as planned. At 15 weeks old, she was nearly made leave the Petsmart Training School. She spended every night a-lying in ourn -a-snoring so loud that I hardly getted a good night's sleep bed. Then, about six month after she had arrived, I have felt that something in myn hearts was taking place, and I have been unable to stop it. Myn behaviour had begun to change. I begin smile at people when a-passing them in a street. I return from neighbours. I have started calling me myn kids, and so to myn surprise, they have started calling me. I even try to speak to my grandchildren over the phone me once. I even have been glad for to listen to laughter from a 10-month-old granddaughter. The point is that I was a-changing. Me and my wife both is agreeing that it is Gertie who-all done changed my behaviour. Gertie is now nearly two years old and almost fully grown. I came like the pet little by little, though she is my wife's dog.
(CNN) -- Manchester City had thrashed Sunderland 5-0 to keep alive their slim English Premier League title hopes and to cement their position in the top four Champions League place. England international Adam Johnson, a-making hisn first start since a-injuring hisn ankle in January, had opened the scoring in the ninth minute while captain Carlos Tevez had doubled the Blues' advantage on the quarter hour from the penalty spot. Second-half strikes from David Silva, Patrick Vieira and Yaya Toure completed the rout as City went above reigning champions Chelsea into third in the standings. They are six point clear of fifth-placed Tottenham, which pip them for the final Champions League place last season, but played a game more. Leaders Manchester United have a seven-point lead over Arsenal, played a game less, with their neighbors City 10 point adrift. The strikes from Johnson, which exchange passes with Toure before a-finishing neatly, and Tevez, which was fouled by Michael Turner for to draw the penalty, effectively end the match as a contest with City always in commands against a Sunderland side in poor recent form. Silva score after a Mario Balotelli shot was a-blocked, Vieira with his first touch after coming off the bench and Toure after an error by Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole. City's Dutch international Nigel de Jong had said the result had been important for theirn Champions League ambitions. "There is still seven games for to go and so anything might can happen but still this is a great confidence boost for our team -- we are real contenders for the Champions League places." he had told Sky Sports.
A social class (or, simply, class), as in class society, is a set of subjectively defined concepts in the social sciences and political theory centered on models of social stratification in which people are grouped into a set of hierarchical social categories, the commonest a-being the upper, middle, and more lower classes. Clases are a subject of analysis for sociologists, political scientists, anthropologists, and social historians. However, there ain't no consensus on a definition of "class", and so the term has a wide range of sometimes a-conflicting meanings. In common parlance, the term "social clases" are usually synonymous with "are socioing-economic clases", defined as "people having the same social, economic, cultural, political or educational status", e.g., "the working clases"; "an emerging professional clases". However, academics are distinguishing social class and socioeconomic status, with the former referring to one’s relatively stable sociocultural background and the latter referring to one’s current social and economic situation and, consequently, being more changeable over time. The precise measurements of what-all is determining social class in society varied over time. Karl Marx think "class" was defined by one's relationship to the means of production (theirn relations of production). Hisn simple understanding of classes in modern capitalist society, are the proletariat, those who is working but are not owning no means of production; and the bourgeoisie, those who is investing and are living off of the surplus generated by the former. This contrasts with the view of the sociologist Max Weber, argue "class" is a-determined by economic position, in contrast to "social status" or ""Stand"" which is a-determined by social prestige rather than simply just relations of production.
The cat wake up from its the couch nap. A-Poking his out from the couch head, it was no dogs there. He walk out from under the couch and stretch out his paws along the hard woods floor. Far outside there was some a-barking from the dogs, but he was safe from them for now. The smell of tuna was in the airs and the cat follow the scent to the kitchen. A woman was a-making a tuna sandwich for her two kid. When she finish, she putted the tuna might can on to the floor. The cat slow walk up to the might can and see some juice inside. He lick up the yummy tuna juice and was sad when it was all went. The woman bring the tuna sandwiches over to her sons at the table, then she open the back door to let the dogs in. The cat's fur stand on end as the dogs came a-running after him. He run away into the other and back to under the couch where was safe.
It is a large tree in a park where all the kids in the neighborhood can hang out and play. The tree was a-planted in 1896 and done a-grown to over fifty feet tall with branches was another thirty feet wide. Next to the tree is a jungle gym. The jungle gym has two slides, a fireman pole, a rocks climbing wall, and much more. One day the kids in the neighborhood done came up with the idea of building a tree house so they could spend all of their time at the park, even when it was raining outside. The children all go to their parents a-begging them to help and get wood. The families of the neighborhood begun building the master tree house. Upon completion the tree house had been ten by twelve feet high, with two windows, and plenty of space for the children to have fun. Every day during the summer that there year the children play in the park and go in the tree house from sunrise to sunset every day. Fifteen years went by and the children are now too old for to use the tree house. The tree house still sits on the tree but instead has a new group of kids get enjoy the house. Now the first kids became parents and get to watch theirn to live on and make the children the neighborhood idea happy.
Josie might could hear the birds singing outside the classroom window. She could see some of them sitting on the branches of an apple tree. Mrs. Harper check to see if everyone was present. Each child called out when they heared their name. She then ask for a volunteer to read a story about a family of grasshoppers. Many hands was raised but still she pick Josie's friend, Mary. While Mary was a-reading the story, she getted a tickle in her throat. She begin to cough. It is her to go get some water to drink and a boy named Henry finished the story that mrs. Harper telled. Next, It is the class a butterfly garden that mrs. Harper had shown. Someone ask if butterflies eat other bugs. Mrs. Harper say that butterflies don't eat but only drink. Josie have been chosen for to pass out turkey sandwiches for lunch. Mrs. Harper go to the refrigerator. She get out some vanillas yoghurt for each of the boys and girls. All the students cheer.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The Iraqi man who have been jailed after throwing his shoes at then-President George W. Bush last year had arrived in Syria on Tuesday night, hours after being released from prison, his employer had said. Muntadhar al-Zaidi speaks to reporters shorlty after his release from an Iraqi jail. Al-Baghdadia TV say Muntadhar al-Zaidi done arrived in Damascus. Al-Zaidi's brother, Dhirgham al-Zaidi, had told CNN that the 30-year-old journalist had been to travel in a private plane to Greece for medical treatments. Soon after he leave prison, the 30-year-old journalist visit the studios of his employer, Al-Baghdadia TV, where he speak to other reporters about his experience. It is a sash in the colors of the Iraqi national flag draped around his shoulders that he wear. Muntadhar al-Zaidi say he was beat with cables and pipes and torture with electricity immediately after guards remove him from a news conference for hurling both shoes at Bush. He say he was taken into another room and beaten even as the news conference continue. However, he remain defiant about the incident that land him in prison. "I got me myn chance, and so I amn't missing it," he said. "I ain't no hero, and I admit that," he add. "I am a person with a stance. I see my country burning." Al-Zaidi, who was a-serving a one-year sentence after the jail-a-throwing incident December 14, have been gave a "conditional discharge." Under Iraqi law, a "conditional discharge" allows for the release of a prisoner after he serves three-quarter of his sentence, on good behavior. Are Watching more about al-Zaidi's release »
Bob was happy. He was at a new school, and students it was friendly. "Hi, Bob!" some students greet him, but still some students say, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He ask one student. "Why are some students calling us Peter?" "Oh, that's easy for to answer," the students say, "Peter done was a student here last year. Now he is at a different schools. Y'all look like Peter. Some students think that y'all was Peter." Bob want for to meet Peter. He get Peter's address from a student and go to Peter's house. It is the door that peter open. Bob might couldn't believe hisn eyes. He had looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had had the same color eyes and same smile. They have had the same black hair. They also have had the same birthday. And they both was a-adopted by two different family. Bob and Peter find out that they was twin brothers. Soon after the boys was born, one family adopt Bob, and another family adopt Peter. Bob's family never know about Peter, and so Peter's family never know about Bob. Soon Bob and Peter's story had appeared in the newspaper. There have been a photo of Bob and Peter next to the story. A young man called John see the photo in the newspapers. John might couldn't believe hisn eyes. He look like Bob and Peter! He had the same color eyes and the same smile. He had the same black hair. He had had the same birthday. And he, too, have been adopted by another family. Later John meet Bob and Peter. When Bob and Peter seed John, they couldn't believe their eyes. John look really like them! Why did John looked really like Bob and Peter? Y'all can guess. Bob and Peter ain't no twins. Bob, Peter and John are triplets.
(CNN) -- Each year, Grammy Week offers up a full calendar of events -- each one boasting a guest list more spectacular than the next. But this here year, the most coveted ticket done was Friday night's "2013 MusiCares Person of the Year Tribute" a-honoring Bruce Springsteen. The evening's entertainment feature six Rock and Roll Hall of Famers, a few critically acclaimed young artist -- and The Boss hisself. Neil Young and Crazy Horse turn up the volume with a spirited version of "Bore in the U.S.A," flanked by a pair of cheerleaders with the letter "S" emblazoned on their sweaters. Colombian superstar Juanes putted a bilingual spin on "Hungry Heart," a-singing verses in both Spanish and English, and John Legend transformed "Dancing in the Dark" into a jazzy piano ballad, leaded Springsteen later remark that "he maked me is sounding like Gershwin. I love that." Other standout performances have included Mumford & Sons' banjo-laced cover of "I'm on Fire," Tom Morello and Jim James' mesmerizing take on "The Ghost of Tom Joad," and countrys superstar Kenny Chesney's quietly effective rendition of "One Step Up." Elton John also had opted for simplicitys, accompanied only by hisn piano on "Streets of Philadelphia." But the curiousest vocal of the night was on "Lonesome Day," where Sting exhibit a raspy growl that suggest he was a-looking to honor Springsteen by a-sounding like him. The evening had been part all-star concert, part fundraiser benefit the MusiCares Foundation, the Recording Academy's philanthropic arm is providing assistance to members of the music industry.
Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- A nuclear scientist was killed in a blast in Tehran on Wednesday morning, an Iranian news agency report, in the most latest in a string of attacks that Iran done blamed on Israel. A motorcyclist had placed a magnetic bomb under Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan's Peugeot 405, the state-a-run IRNA news agency had said. The blast also had wounded two other, IRNA had said. State television channel Press TV report later Wednesday that Roshan's driver, Reza Qashqaei, had died in a hospital from his injuries. Mohammad Khazaee, Iranian ambassador to the United Nations, condemn what-all he call "cruel, inhumane and criminal acts of terrorism against the Iranian scientists." "Based on the a-existing evidence collected by the relevant Iranian security authorities, similar to previous incidents, perpetrators use the same terrorist method in a-assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists, i.e., a-attaching a sticky magnetic bomb to the car a-carrying the scientists and a-detonating it," Khazaee say in a statement. "I would like emphasize, once again, that the Islamic Republic (of) Iran would not compromise over itsn inalienable right use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes and any kind of political and economic pressures or terrorist attacks targeting the Iranian nuclear scientists, could not prevent ourn nation in exercising this here right," Khazaee say. Lawmaker Kazem Jalali blame the intelligence agencies of the United States and Israel for the latest attack, a-saying the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, also bear responsibility for a-passing on information about Iran's nuclear scientists to other countries, IRNA reports.
CHAPTER XII The crowd falled back, a-leaving a lane down which Walter walked, a-carrying the apples. There was dead silence as he pass. Then the people begin whisper excitedly to one another. "Might shall this be done before our eyes?" say Arnold of Melchthal to Werner Stauffacher. "Of what use was it that we swear an oath rebel if we are permitting this? Let us rise and slay the tyrant." Werner Stauffacher, prudent man, scratch his chin thoughtfully. "We-e-ll," he had said, "y'all are seeing, the difficulty is that we ain't armed and the soldiers are_. There is nothing might should enjoy more than a-slaying the tyrant, only I have an idea that the tyrant might would slay us. Y'all see myn point?" "Why was we so slow!" groan Arnold. "We might should have a-risen before, and so then this might would ain't a-happened. Who-all was it that advise us delay?" "We-e-ll," said Stauffacher (who had himself advised delay), "I can't quite remember at the moment, but I dare say you could find out by looking up the minutes of our last meeting. I know the motion was carried by a majority of two vote. See! Gessler grows impatient." Gessler, which had been a-fidgeting on his horse for some time, now speak again, a-urging Tell to hurry. "Are Beginning!" he is cried--"begining!" "Immediately," reply Tell, a-fitting the arrow to the string. Gessler begin to mock him once more. "Y'all are seeing now," he had said, "the danger of carrying arms. I amn't knowing if y'all have done ever a-noticed it, but arrows very often are recoiling on the man which is carrying them. The only man as has any business to possess a weapon is the ruler of a country--my own self, for instance. A low, common fellow--if y'all is fixin to excuse the description--like yourself only is growing proud through being armed, and so are offending them above him. But, of course, itare no busineses of mine. I am only a-telling y'all what-all I am thinking about it. Personally, I am liking to encourage my subjects to shoot me; that is why I am a-giving y'all such a splendid mark for to shoot at. Y'all are seeing, Tell?"
Argentina is a-subdivided into twenty-three provinces (, singular "provincia") and one autonomous city ("ciudad autónoma"), Buenos Aires, is the federal capital of the nation () as a-decided by Congress. The provinces and the capital have theirn own constitutions, but are existing under a federal system. During the War of Independence the main cities and their a-surrounding countrysides become provinces though the intervention of their "cabildos". The Anarchy of the Year XX had completed this here process, a-shaping the original thirteen provinces. Jujuy secede from 1834 Salta, and the thirteen provinces become fourteen. After a-seceding for a decade, Buenos Aires Province accept the 1853 Constitution of Argentina in 1861, and so itsn capital city was made a federal territory in 1880. A laws from 1862 a-designated as national territories them under federal controls but outside the frontiers of the provinces. In 1884 they serve as bases for the establishment of the governorates of Misiones, Formosa, Chaco, La Pampa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut, Santa Cruz and Tierra del Fuego. The agreement about a frontier dispute with Chile in 1900 create the National Territory of Los Andes; its lands was a-incorporated into Jujuy, Salta and Catamarca in 1943. La Pampa and Chaco become provinces in 1951. Misiones have done so in 1953, and Formosa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut and Santa Cruz, in 1955. The last national territory, Tierra del Fuego, become the Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur Province in 1990.
It once was a little old lady as had no friends. She rided her bike to and from the store and aren't saying hello to anyone along the way. One day she done saw a little girl a-crying in the street. No one else was around to take care of the girl so the little old lady stop hern bike and ask the girl, "What-all is wrong, Dear?" The little girl say, "I hurt myn knee when I fall down!" "Oh dear!" cry the little old lady and bend down and look at the girl's knee. "It is looking to me like y'all have a scrape," she say. The little girl cried and the little old lady said, "Don't worry, all boo-boos hurt a little but it's the medicine that makes it go away." The little old lady bent down and blown on the girl's knee and whispered, "Are Going away, are going away, no boo-boos here today!" The little girl smile and that little old lady find hern first friend.
Steven Spielberg ain't a scholar, and his classmates tease him. Rather than are reading, the kid really prefer running around with an 8mm camera, shooting homemade movies, which he show to friends for a small fee. In hisn first year of high school, he drop out. But when hisn parents persuaded him to return, he was mistakenly placed in a learningdisabled class, which done lasted one month. Only when the family move to another town is he landing up in a more suitable high school, where eventually graduate. After a-being a-denied entrance into a traditional filmmaking school, Steven Spielherg had enrolled in English at California State University at Long Beach. Then in 1965, he is recalling, in one of them serendipitous moments, it is a complete turn that his life take. Visiting Universal Studios, it is Chuck Silvers , an executive in the editorial department that he meet . Silvers liked the kid maked 8mm films and invited him back sometime to visit. He appear the next day. Spielberg, dressed in a dark suit, a-carrying hisn father's briefcase with nothing inside but a sandwich and candy bars walk confidently up to the guard at the gate of Universal and give him a casual wave. The guard wave back. He had been in. "For the entire summer," Spielberg are remembering, "I dress in my suit and hang out with the directors and writers, a-including Silvers, which know the kid ain't studio no employee, but wink at him. I even found me an office that wasn't ai used, and became a squatter. I bought some plastic tiles and put my name in the building directory: Steven Spielberg, Room 23C." It paid off for everyone. Ten year later, the 28yearold Spielberg had directed Jaws, had taken in $470 million, then the biggest grossing movie of all time. Dozens of films and awards done followed because Steven Spielberg had known what-all hisn teachers didn't--talent is in the eyes of the filmmaker.
Most people are knowing precious gemstones by theirn appearances. An emerald flashes deep green, a ruby seems hold a red fire inside, and so a diamond shines like a star. It's more difficult tell where the gem have been mined, since a diamond from Australia or Arkansas might may appear the same to one from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. However, recently, a team of scientists found a way for to identify a gemstone's origin. Beneath the surface of a gemstone, on the tiny level of atoms and molecules , lie clues to itsn origin. At this year's meeting of the Geological Society of America in Minneapolis, Catherine McManus report on a technique is using lasers to clarify these clues and are identifying a stone's homeland. It is scientific research at Materialytics , in Killeen , Texas that mcmanus are directing . It is the technique that the company is developing. "With enough data, we might could identify which country, which mining place, even the individual mine a gemstone is coming from," McManus tell Science News. Some gemstones, including many , come war-torn countries diamonds. Sales of them "blood minerals" might may encourage violent civil wars where innocent people are injured them or killed. In an effort for to reduce the trade in blood minerals, the U.S. government pass law in July 2010 that is requiring companies that is selling gemstones for to determine the origins of their stones. Figure out where does gemstones come from, It is a powerful laser on a small sample of the gemstone that mcmanus and her team focus. The techniques are called laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy. Just as heat can turn ice into water or water into steam, energy from the laser is changing the state of matter of the stone. The laser is changing a miniscule part of the gemstone into plasma, a gas state of matter in which tiny particles call electrons separate from atoms. The plasma, is superhot, is producing a light pattern. (The science of analyzing this here kind of light pattern is a-called spectroscopy.) Different elements produce different patterns, but McManus and hern team say that gemstones from the same area produce similar patterns. Materialytics done already collected patterns from thousands of gemstones, including more than 200 from diamonds. They might can compare the light pattern from an unknown gemstone to patterns do know and look for a match. The light pattern is acting like a signature, a-telling the researchers the origin of the gemstone. In a small test, the laser technique correctly identify the origins of 95 out of every 100 diamonds. For gemstones like emeralds and rubies, the technique prove successful for 98 out of every 100 stone. The scientists are needing collect and are analyzing more samples, a-including those from war-tore countries, before the tool is ready for commercial use. Scientists like Barbara Dutrow, a mineralogist from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, find the technique exciting. "This is a basic new tool that could provide a better fingerprint of a material from a particular locality," she tell Science News.
Jenny loves singing. But hern baby sister is crying so loud that Jenny can't hear herself, so she had been angry! Her Mom say she might could try to play with her sister, but still that only make her baby sister is crying louder. Jenny had tried to ask the baby to stop a-crying, but that isn't working. Jenny was a-getting tired, but she had had an idea. It is her baby sister one of her toy horses that she would give. It is horses that the baby love! The baby play with the horse, but still then she start a-crying again. This make Jenny sad. She want to sing! Then she had had a great idea. She might would give the baby a pacifier! This have worked. The baby stop a-crying and Jenny start a-singing. Everyone was so happy!
A boy named Eduardo in a far away thinking a girl place loves. He is cold. It is a-snowing where does he live. He lives in Argentina. It's warm where she is living in Hawaii. She eat fresh fruits. Her shower is outdoors under the warm sun as red birds are flying around her. It is nice, but she is missing him. She remembers he is very pretty. She wonder if he might would really love her always, because she is older. He isn't caring. Eduardo ain't poor, so he might could visit her. Maybe a time machine might would help!! It is back her birthdays that she can give! But she didn't want to bring back any dinosaurs back by accident. Like last times. Then an angel flown down from a star called the Pleiades to help her. Hisn name had been Eh. He say, "are closing your eyes! Then remember the happiest y'all have done ever felt it! Are Letting are going of any thing that is feeling like clouds. Imagine puppies a-hugging y'all, and kitties a-purring with y'all. Imagine y'all a-eating chocolate ice cream! As long as y'all remember how for to be happy y'all can ALWAYS be as young as Eduardo! And y'all might can think of GREAT ways y'all might can see him again!" It work! She had an idea. It is stories that people wrote that someone in a place called MR was a-buying. It is one about her & Eduardo that she write! It pay for her airplane ride. Wow. Then they was together again. Hugging each other in happiness, they say, "Are Thanking y'all everyone, for helping us!"
Tom had to fix some things around the houses. He had had to fix the door. He had had for to fix the window. But before he did anything had to fix the toilet. Tom call over his best friend Jim for to help him. Jim done brought with him hisn friends Molly and Holly. Tom thought that Jim was going to bring Dolly with him but he didn't. The four of them get work right away. A-Fixing the toilet have been easy. A-Fixing the have been also easy but a-fixing the window door have been very hard. The window have been stuck and could ain't opened. They all push on the window real hard until finally it open. Once the window was fixed the four of them maked a delicious dinner and talked about all of the good work that they had done. Tom had been glad that he had had such good friends help him with his works.
Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom are administered by the UK government's Office of Communications (Ofcom). For this here purpose Ofcom establish a telephone numbering plan, known as the "National Telephone Numbering Plan", is the system for a-assigning telephone numbers to subscriber stations. Since 28 April 2001, almost all geographic numbers and most non-geographic numbers have 9 or 10 national (significant) numbers after the "0" trunk codes. All mobile telephone numbers have 10 national (significant) number after the "0" trunk codes. The overall structure of the UK's National Numbering Plan is: A short sample of geographic numbers, set out in the officially approved (Ofcom) number groups: In the United Kingdom, area codes are two, three, four, or, rarely, five digits long (after the initial zero). Regions with more shorter area codes, typically large cities, permit the allocations of more telephone numbers as the local number portion have more digits. Local customer numbers are four for to eight figure long. The total number of digits is ten, but in a very few areas the total may be nine digit (after the initial zero). The "area code" is also a-referred to as an "STD ()" (subscriber trunk dialling) or a "dialling code" the UK code.
CHAPTER V AT OAK HALL ONCE MORE "Hurrah! here we are at Oakdale at last!" "Old town is looking natural, don't it?" "So it does, Roger. Are Seeing the fellows any?" "Not yet, Dave. But we are sure meet somebody, even if it is a school-day," go on the senator's son. "Uncle Dunston, letted us is taking the auto around to the hotel," say our hero. "I am knowing the streets better than y'all do. We have make several turns." "All right, Dave," was the ready answer, and Dunston Porter arise and allow that his nephew should crowd into the driver's seat. The run to the town in the vicinity of which Oak Hall was located had done been made without further incident. On the way the had done a-talked over Mrs. Breen's affairs, and Dunston Porter had done a-promised to take the matter up, through hisn lawyer. "I am thinking it best that ourn names aren't appearing in no case," had said he. "Otherwise, Mr. Haskers might not treat y'all so well during no term." "He never is treating well, anyway," have grumbled Phil us. "But y'all ai right, don't mention our names." On this here late winter day the town look rather dreary, but the young folks was in high spirits, and Dave, with a grand flourish, run the car up to one of the best hotels the place a-afforded. As before, word done been sent ahead that they was a-coming, and so the host of the resort come out for to meet them. "We might will have dinner ready inside of quarter of an hours," he say. "Are Coming in and are making yourselves at home."
A National Olympic Committee (NOC) is a national constituent of the worldwide Olympic movement. Subject to the controls of the International Olympic Committee, NOCs are responsible for a-organizing theirn people's participation in the Olympic Games. They may nominate cities within theirn respective areas as candidates for future Olympic Games. NOCs also are promoting the development of athletes and training of coaches and officials at a national level within theirn geographies. As of 2016, there is 206 NOC: Each of the 193 member state of the United Nations; United Nations observer state Palestine; the Cook Islands, a state in free associations with New Zealand whose capacitys to participate in international organizations have a-been a-recognized by the United Nations Secretariat; and two state with limited recognitions, Kosovo and Taiwan (a-designated as "Chinese Taipei" by the IOC). There is also nine dependent territory with NOCs: Prior to 1996, rules for recognising separate countries within the IOC ain't as strict as them within the United Nations, allow that these territories should field teams separately from theirn sovereign state. A-Following an amendment to the Olympic Charter in 1996, NOC recognition can only be granted after recognition as an independent state by the international community. Since the rule is not applying retroactively, the dependent territories which was recognised before the rule change are allowed to continue a-sending separate teams to the Olympics, while the Faroe Islands and Macau are sending theirn own Paralympic teams.
We was a-standing at the top of a church not far from myn home. I amn't knowing why. "To Look down," Father say. I tried and seed the square in the center of the village. And It is the streets to the square that i see. "Are Seeing, Elsa," Father say. "There is more than one way to the square. If y'all might cann't get where y'all want to go by one , try another road." Earlier that day, I done asked Mother do something about what-all we had for lunchs at schools. But she isn't thinking the food ai as bad as I say. When I turn to Father for help me, he bring me to the church. At school the next day, I filled a bottle with the soup for ourn lunch and taken it home. It is the cook to pour the soup in a plate and bring it to Mother that i tell. She drink and cry out, "What-allbe does the matter the soup it today?" I at once telled her what-all I had a-done , and Mother said that she might would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day. Now I really understanded why Had Father took me to the churchs. I have begun for to work as a fashion me designer two year ago. I might wouldn't stop working until I try every way to myn goal.
CHAPTER XI Peter Rabbit and Jerry Muskrat Are Puzzled. Jerry Muskrat was more and more sure that his big cousin, Paddy the Beaver, didn't know quite so much as he might about house-no building. Jerry would have a-liked for to offer some suggestions, but he isn't quite daring. Y'all are seeing, he had been very anxious not to displease hisn big cousin. But he had felt that he simply had done got speak hisn mind to someone, so he swam across to where he had done saw Peter Rabbit almost every night since Paddy had begun build. Sure enough, Peter had been there, sitting up very straight and staring with big round eyes at the platform of mud and sticks out in the water where Paddy the Beaver had been at work. "Well, Peter, what do y'all think of it?" ask Jerry "What-all is it?" ask Peter innocently. "Is it another dam?" Jerry throw back hisn head and laugh and laugh. Peter look at him suspiciously. "I don't see anything to laugh at," say he. "Why, does itbe a house, y'all stupid. It's Paddy's new house," reply Jerry, a-wiping the tears of laughter from hisn eyes. "I ain't stupid!" retort Peter. "How was I for to know that that there pile of and sticks is meant a house mud? It certainly don't look it. Where is the door?" "For to tell y'all the truth, I amn't thinking it ai much of a house myselves," reply Jerry. "It is a door , all right that it has done got . In fact it has done a-got three. Y'all might cann't see them because they are under water, and there is a passage from each right up through that platform of mud and sticks, is the foundation of the house. It really are a very fine foundations, Peter; it really is. But what I might cann't understand is what-all Paddy a-thinking of by a-building that there great pile of muds right in the middle. When he gets hisn walls built, where will hisn bedroom be? It won't is any room at all. It won't ai a house at all--just a big useless pile of sticks and mud.
The critical moment for Sen. Ted and his allies come around 7 p.m. Tuesday night Cruz. The Texas Republican's suit was still crisp, despite more than four hour into what-all might would become a rhetorical marathon of more than 21 hour on the Senate floor aimed at a-derailing Obamacare. But until that there point, the brunt of the speaking had been did by Cruz and hisn ally, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah. Without more help, Lee's aides ain't sure how long the effort could continue. Then Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, arrive. It was a sign that they might would get the they need the long haul bodies. "When he had shown up, we have had a feeling that we might could go until noon (the next day)," have said Lee spokesman Brian Phillips. Lee had been on or near the floor all night. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, which hold the floor for 12 hour in March, jump in. Even ideological opponent Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, might shoulder some a-speaking time while a-tryna refute Cruz' points. That had given Cruz some time for mental breaks even though he might couldn't leave no floor eat, are using the restroom or do anything else. For material, staff pull together binders of articles, talking points and documents that could be used to fill time. And as social networks heated up, aides ferry in a tweets stream for Cruz to read. But to the big and less comfortable question: How did he manage physically? Good, pliable shoes, for a start. Cruz leave hisn trademark Ostrich boots behind and tell the chamber that he pick up some sneakers in preparation for the long hours of standing.
CHAPTER XIII. ST. VALENTINE'S DAY Miss Mohun come back in the dark after a long day, for once in her life quite jade, and a-explaining that the health-officer and the landlord had been by no means agreed, and that nothing could be done till Sir Jasper come home and decide whether for to retain the house or not. All that she was clear about, and which she had telegraphed to Aden, was, that it must is no a-going back to Silverfold for no present, and she was prepared begin lodging-hunting as soon as she receive an answer. ' And how y'all got on?' she ask, thinking all look rather blank. 'We n't was for to see Fly,' break out Valetta, 'though she go out on the beach, and Mysie might must not stay out after no dark, for no fear might should cough it.' 'Mysie is saying they are afraid of excitement,' have said Gillian gloomily. 'Then y'all saw nothing of the others?' 'Yes, I saw Victoria, had said Aunt Adeline, with a meaning smile. Miss Mohun go up to take off hern things, and so Gillian follow her, a-shutting the door with ominous carefulness, and a-colouring all over. 'Aunt Jane, I ought for to tell y'all. A dreadful thing has done happened!' 'Indeed, myn dear! What-all?' 'I had a valentine.' 'Oh!' a-repressing a certain inclination to laugh at the bathos from the look of horrors and shame in the girl's eyes. 'It is that Alexis miserable! Oh, I am knowing I have brought it on myself, and I was so wretched and so ashamed all day.'
History is full of examples of leaders joining together for to meet common goals. But rarely have two leaders work together with such friendship and cooperation as American President Franklin Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. They both have been born in wealthy families and have been active in politics for many years. Both men love the sea and the navys,historys and natures. Roosevelt and Churchill first had met when they have been lowerlevel officials in World War One. But neither man had remembered much about that there meeting. However,as they work together during the Second World War they come to like and are trusting each other. Roosevelt and Churchill exchange more than one thousand seven hundred letter and messages during five and a half year. They done met many times,at large national and private talks gatherings. But the closeness of theirn friendship might be saw best in a story told by one of Roosevelt's close advisors,Harry Hopkins. Hopkins remember how Churchill was visiting Roosevelt at the White House one day. Roosevelt go into Churchill's rooms in the mornings to say hello. But the president have been a-shocked to see Churchill coming from the washing no clothes room at all. Roosevelt immediately apologize to the British leader for a-seeing him naked. But Churchill reportedly had said: "The Prime Minister of Great Britain has nothing for to hide from the president of the United States." And then both men have laughed. The United States and Great Britain was only two of several nations join together in the war to resist Hitler and hisn Allies. In January,1942,twentysix of these nations sign an agreement promising to fight for peace,religious freedom,human rights,and justice. The three major Allies,however,have been the most important for the war effort: the United States,Britain,and the Soviet Union. Yet,Churchill and Roosevelt had disagreed about when for to attack Hitler in western Europe. And Churchill resist Roosevelt's suggestions that Britain give up some of itsn colonies. But in general,the friendship between Roosevelt and Churchill,and between the United States and Britain lead the two nation for to cooperate close.
Buddhism /ˈbudɪzəm/ is a nontheistic religion[note 1] or philosophy (Sanskrit: धर्म dharma; Pali: धम्म dhamma) is encompassing a variety of traditions, beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to Gautama Buddha, commonly knew as the Buddha ("the awakened one"). According to Buddhist tradition, the Buddha lived and done taught in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent, present-day Nepal sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE.[note 1] He is a-recognized by Buddhists as an awakened or a-enlightened teacher share hisn insights help sentient beings are ending theirn suffering through the elimination of ignorance and craving. Buddhists believe that this is a-accomplished through the direct and perception dependent origination understanding and the Four Noble Truths. Two major extant branches of Buddhism are generally a-recognized by scholars: Theravada ("The School of the Elders") and Mahayana ("The Great Vehicle"). Vajrayana, a body of teachings attributed to Indian siddhas, may be viewed as a third branch or merely a part of Mahayana. Theravada has a widespread following in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. Mahayana is including the traditions of Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai (Tendai) is a-found throughout East Asia. Tibetan Buddhism, which is preserving the Vajrayana teachings of eighth century India, is practiced in regions a-surrounding the Himalayas, Mongolia and Kalmykia. Buddhists number between an estimated 488 million[web 1] and 535 million, making it one of the world's major religions.
CHAPTER XXX. HOW THE BRUSHWOOD MEN COME TO THE CHATEAU OF VILLEFRANCHE. It done was late ere Alleyne Edricson, a-having a-carried Sir Nigel the goblet of spiced wine which was his custom to drink after the curling of his hair, was able at last to seek his chamber. It had been a stone-a-flagged room upon the second floor, with a bed in a recess for him, and two smaller pallet on the other side, on which and Hordle John was already a-snoring. Alleyne had done knelt down to hisn evening orisons, when there was a tap at hisn door, and Ford entered with a small lamp in hisn hand. Hisn face was deadly pale, and hisn hand shake until the shadows flicker up and down the wall. "What-all is it, Ford?" cry Alleyne, springing to hisn feet. "I can scarce tell y'all," say he, a-sitting down on the side of the couch, and a-resting his chin upon his hand. "I know not what to say or what-all to think." "Has done aught a-befallen y'all, then?" "Yes, or I was slave to my own fancys. I am telling y'all, lad, that I am all undone, like a a-fretted bow-string. Hark hither, Alleyne! it can ain't that y'all forgot little Tita, the daughter of the old glases-stainer at Bordeaux?" "It is her well . that i remember " "Me and she , Alleyne, break the lucky groat together ere we part, and she is wearing my ring upon her finger. 'Caro mio,' quoth she when last we part, 'I shall be near thee in the wars, and thy danger is fixin to be my danger.' Alleyne, as God is myn help, as I comed up the stairs this here night I seed her are standing before me, hern face in tears, hern hands out as though in warning--I seed it, Alleyne, even as I am seeing those there two archer upon theirn couches. Ourn very finger-tips have seemed for to meet, ere she had thinned away like a mist in the sunshine."
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR or RSFSR; Russian: Российская Советская Федеративная Социалистическая Республика, tr. Rossiyskaya Sovetskaya Federativnaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika listen (help·info)) commonly referred to as Soviet Russia or simply as Russia, was a sovereign state in 1917–22, the largest, most populous, and most economically developed republic of the Soviet Union in 1922–91 and a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with its own legislation in 1990–91. The Republic had comprised sixteen autonomous republic, five autonomous oblast, ten autonomous okrug, six krais, and forty oblast. It is the largest ethnic group that russians form. To the west it is Finland , Norway and Poland ; and to the south , China , Mongolia and North Korea whilst bordering the Arctic Ocean to the north , the Pacific Ocean to the east and the Black sea and Caspian Sea to the south that it had bordered . Within the USSR, it border the Baltic republics (Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia), the Byelorussian SSR and the Ukrainian SSR to the wests. To the it border the Georgian south, Azerbaijan and Kazakh SSRs.
At nights, the magical chipmunks are coming out to play in the woods. They shower in bowls, and take pictures with their phones. They are brushing theirn teeth until they are twinkling. They hide in the bushes and play games. It is one game they really like it. Play, one chipmunk puts hisn ear on the phone, and another hides in the woods with a different phone. One chipmunk walks through the woods a-looking for the hiding chipmunk. It is ' hot ' or ' cold ' to the first one on the phone that the hiding chipmunk is telling . If 'hot', he is very close to finding! If 'cold', he's very far away! Chipmunks love to be hot, so it is a twist to this here game! These magical chipmunks can change the theirn voice temperature, so if the hiding chipmunk is saying cold, all the chipmunks are becoming colder. If the hiding chipmunk says 'hot', all the chipmunks become hotter. Oh, how the chipmunks are loving to play this game! But they don't like to lose!
(CNN) -- Iran's vital oils industrys appear to be the latest front in a powers struggle between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei -- a fight that overseas analysts say it the colorful president appears to be losing. Ahmadinejad is a-tryna retain controls of Iran's Oil Ministry despite a ruling by the countrys's top judicial body that he can't serve as itsn a-acting chief. It's the most latest in a series of unusually public squabbles between Ahmadinejad and allies of Khamenei, the Islamic republic's clerical leader, in recent weeks. Khamenei backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed his hotly disputed 2009 re-election, urging Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters in the streets declared it a fraud. He preside over a crackdown on the demonstrations, during which security forces was a-unleashed on crowds and activists was a-prosecuted and a-jailed. But elements throughout the government moved for to check Ahmadinejad's efforts for to replace top officials and went after the president's closest advisers, U.S. analyst Alireza Nader telled CNN. "I am thinking it's a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad that hisn powers and movement are being curtailed by the various power centers in Iran," say Nader, an expert on Iranian politics at the RAND Corp., an American think tank. The outspoken Ahmadinejad long were a lightning rod for Iran's critics. But Haleh Esfandiari, director of Middle Eastern studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center, say he might may be left a "lame duck" after butting heads with Khamenei.
(CNN) -- Who-all is Stanislas Cordova? That's the burning question at the hearts of "Night Film," the anticipated follow-up to best-selling author Marisha Pessl's 2006 literary debut. Pessl had burst onto the scene in 2006 with "Special Topics in Calamity Physics." She receive a six-figure advance, almost unheard of for a first-time author, a ton of hype and even some snarky backlash over her photogenic looks. But the book had lived up to expectations, selling some 200,000 copy and landing on The New York Times' list of Best Books of 2006. Seven year later, "Night Film" is a-hitting this week greater expectations bookstores and even more hype. Movie rights are already spoke for by Chernin Entertainment, the studio behind "Oblivion" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes," and so critics are raving about Pessl's multimedia storytelling approach, takes readers beyond the novel's pages to explore the story of a mysterious director and the washed-up reporter out to expose him. Pessl's fictional mash-up of Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski and David Lynch ain't ai seen in no public for 30 no years. His movies are so frightening no theater finna show them; his cult of fans meet in a-abandoned buildings and underground tunnels for secret screenings. Investigative journalist Scott McGrath had tried to expose Cordova years ago and so it had backfired, costing him his job, marriage and reputation. When Cordova's daughter is turning up dead in an apparent suicide, McGrath is seeing an opportunity to exact revenge against the man is blaming for hisn downfall. Pessl is weaving into the narrative excerpts from magazine articles, newspaper headlines, police reports, crime scene photos and screen shots of online message boards. She also write and direct several short films a-being featured over the next few weeks on YouTube offer clues into the book's mysterys, a-including snippets and trailers from Cordova's films.
(CNN) -- Pablo Sandoval's record-tying three home runs have led the San Francisco Giants to an 8-3 victorys over the Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of the World Series. Barry Zito gived up just one run in 5 2/3 innings to earn the win for San Francisco. He also had had a run-scoring single in the fourth inning. Tigers pitching ace Justin Verlander only manage for to go four inning, allowing five run on six hit. Sandoval, which had 12 home run during the regular season, hitted a solo home run in the first and a two-run shot in the third off Verlander. In the fifth, he had added another home run off Al Alburquerque. It is six home runs in the postseason that he has. "In this here y'all're finna face the best situation. For us I just am going in there and don't a-thinking too much or are trying do too much, get me a pitch can hit, are taking advantage of the mistakes be a-making. That's a part of my game." Sandoval had said. Hisn manager say Sandoval has been a-swinging the bat well for weeks. "He's been locked in for a while, and the home runs, really where hitted them, too, it ain't easy to hit them where he hitted them," Giants skipper Bruce Bochy say. Three other player have done homered three time in one World Series game. Babe Ruth had done it twice, and Reggie Jackson also had achieved the feat. Last year, St. Louis Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols done had three home run in Game 3.
CHAPTER II THE APARTMENT-HOUSE MYSTERY 1. "This here habit of becoming late for breakfast," Lady Ashleigh remark, as she setted down the coffee-pot, "is growing upon yourn father." Ella glance up from a pile of correspondence through which she had been a-looking a little negligently. "When he comes," she say, "I might shall tell him what-all Does Clyde say in hisn new play--that there unpunctuality for breakfast and overpunctuality for dinner are two of the signs of a-advancing age." "I might shouldn't," hern mother advise. "He is hating anything that is sounding like an epigram, and I notice that he avoid any allusion to hisn birthday last month. Any newses, dear?" "None at all, mother. Myn correspondence is just the usual sort of rubbish--invitations and gossip. Such a lot of invitations, by-the-bye." "At yourn ages," Lady Ashleigh declare, "that is the sort of correspondences which might should find interesting." Ella shake hern head. She had been a very beautiful young woman, but her expression had been a little more serious than her twenty-two year warranted. "Y'all know I ain't like that, mother," she protest. "I found one thing in life which is interesting us more than all this frivolous business of amusing oneself. I might shall ain't happy--not real happy--until I have a-settled down study hard. Myn music is really the only part of life which absolutely is appealing to us." Lady Ashleigh sigh. "It is seeming so unnecessary," she murmur. "Since Esther have been married y'all are practically an only daughter, y'all are quite well off, and there is so many young men is wanting marry y'all."
Sanskrit (/ˈsænskrɪt/; Sanskrit: saṃskṛtam [səmskr̩t̪əm] or saṃskṛta, originally saṃskṛtā vāk, "refined speech") is the primary sacred language of Hinduism, a philosophical language in Buddhism, Hinduism, Sikhism and Jainism, and a literary language that was in use as a lingua franca in Greater India. It is a standardised dialect of Old Indo-Aryan, a-originating as Vedic Sanskrit and a-tracing itsn linguistic ancestry back to Proto-Indo-Iranian and Proto-Indo-European. Today it is listed as one of the 22 scheduled language of India and is an official language of the state of Uttarakhand. As one of the most oldest Indo-European languages for which substantial wrote is existing, Sanskrit is holding a prominent position in Indo-European studies. Over 90 weekly, fortnightlies and quarterlies are a-published in Sanskrit. Sudharma, a daily newspaper in Sanskrit, has done been published out of Mysore, India, since 1970, while Sanskrit Vartman Patram and Vishwasya Vrittantam start in Gujarat during the last five year. Since 1974, there was a short daily news broadcast on state-run All India Radio. These here broadcasts are also made available on the internet on AIR's website. Sanskrit news is broadcast on TV and on the internet through the DD National channel at 6:55 AM IST.
One morning, I done woke up and went downstairs for breakfast. I fixed me myn normal breakfast: hot pickles, marshmallows, and ketchup. First I heat up the pickles on the stove, then I put the marshmallows in the toaster as I pour me out myn small plate of ketchup. Delicious! It is it every morning , often with a tall glass of lemonade that i am eating . I sit down at the table eat, and look out the window at the birds in myn yard. Sometimes I see skunks outside, and once I have seen a small pot-bellied pig. But today there was only a few flamingo. It is up the book I was reading , " All About Birds . that i open " It is the chapter on pigeons , and was moving on to robins that i had done finished . While a-putting ketchup on myn marshmallows, I feel something a-tickling myn neck. I look down, and it was a daddy long-legs, climbing up! I ain't seen one so close to myn face. "Er, what's up?" I ask. "Not much," he had said. "I smell the hot pickles, and want to have a tastes." "Sure, little guy," I say. I have put a small piece of pickle on myn finger and have held it out. While I was a-doing , that sneaky daddy-long-legs run my arm that. He grab the rest of my pickle, and run out the door! And that were the last times give a pickle to a spider at breakfasts.
(CNN) -- Shiping Bao, the medical examiner as change his mind on crucial aspects during his testimony at George Zimmerman's trial, has a-been a-fired. But he ain't going down without no fight. Bao has done hired a lawyer and a-hinting at a lawsuit. Bao was let are going from hisn job as the associate medical examiner for the Volusia County, Florida, Medical Examiner's Office last week, officials done said Wednesday. Authorities have provided a copy of hisn termination letter, but are not specifying no reason. The letter is saying Bao have been gave a choice for to resign. He didn't. So, he have been a-terminated Friday. Bao's lawyer file a complaint against the county, CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 report. The letter reads in part: "This is a formal request to ask you to preserve any and all documents...and/or evidence related to Dr. Bao's claims and/or the Trayvon Martin Case." Bao perform Trayvon Martin's after Zimmerman shoot dead the 17-year-old February autopsy 26, 2012. During Zimmerman's trial, Bao's testimony stand out. He change his mind on important aspects of the case, such as how long Martin survive after he was shot, whether he could have moved afterward and so if the marijuana in his system affect his judgment. Bao's attorney, Willie E. Gary, say he is planning file a discrimination lawsuit, job harassment and wrongful termination, the Miami Herald report. George Zimmerman might won't ai a-charged for a-alleged domestic incident
I am liking to go to the park that is next to the hotel. The park is very big and has lots of ladders and slides. My favorite thing for to do at the park is to swim in the lake. The lake is small but it is a lot of red fishs live in it. There is also some turtles and worms at the bottom of the lake. Sometimes the fish swim by myn leg and are making me is laughing and are feeling happy. One time I step on a stick and cut me myn foot. That there cut hurted and maked me sad. The next time I done went in the lake I was scared that I would get me another cut me. Another thing I am liking do at the is feed the animals park. It is lots of , squirrels and raccoon a-living the park pigs. Sometimes It is them bread and crackers that i am feeding. Theirn favorite thing for to eat is ham. After I am did at the park I go to the store buy me some ices cream. Sometimes I see my friend Christopher and so he eats his ice cream with me. Christopher also likes a-feeding the animals. Hisn favorite animal at the park is the squirrel.
CHAPTER VII The Beginning of Troubles Lily, as she part with her lover in the garden, done a-required of him attend upon her the next morning as he go to his shooting, and so in obedience to this here command he appear on Mrs Dale's lawn after breakfast, a-accompanied by Bernard and two dog. The men have had guns in theirn hands, and so have been got up with all proper sporting appurtenances, but still it so had turned out that they are not reaching the stubble-fields on the farther side of the road until after luncheon. And may it ain't reasonable doubted whether croquet ain't as good as shooting when a man in love? It will be said that Bernard Dale ain't in no love; but still they which is bringing such accusation against him, is fixin to bring it falsely. He was in love with hisn cousin Bell a-according to hisn manner and fashion. It ain't hisn nature love Bell as John Eames love Lily; but then neither might would hisn nature bring him into such a trouble as that which the charms of Amelia Roper done a-brought upon the poor clerk from the Income-tax Office. Johnny had been susceptible, as the word is going; whereas Captain Dale had been a man at had had his well control feelings. He ain't one to make a fool of hisself about a girl, or to die of a broken heart; but, nevertheless, he would probably love hisn wife when he get a wife, and would be a careful father to hisn children.
Guinness World Records, known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous United States editions as The Guinness Book of World Records, is a reference book published annually, a-listing world records both of human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. It is a world record , as the best - selling copyrighted book of all time that the book itself is holding . As of the 2017 edition, it is now in itsn 63rd year of publication, a-published in 100 country and 23 language. The international franchise extended beyond include television series print and museums. The popularity of the franchise done resulted in "Guinness World Records" becoming the primary international authority on the cataloging and verification of a huge number of world records; the organization is employing official record adjudicators authorized to verify the authenticity of the setting and breaking of records. On 10 November 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver, then the a-managing director of the Guinness Breweries, go on a a-shooting party in the North Slob, by the River Slaney in County Wexford, Ireland. After missing a shot at a golden plover, he become involved in an argument over which was the fastest game bird in Europe, the golden plover or the red grouse. (It is the plover.) That there evening at Castlebridge House, he realize that it was impossible to confirm in reference books whether or not the golden plover was Europe's most fastest game bird. Beaver know that there might must is numerous other questions debated nightly in pubs throughout Ireland and abroad, but there was no book in the world with which for to settle arguments about records. He realize then that a book supplying the answers to this here sort of question might prove successful.
A great loss--Shirley Temple dies at 85 February 12,2014 BYDERRIKJ.LANG ,Associated Press Shirley Temple Black, who died on February 10that age 85, wasn't just a child star. She was THE child star--the sweet little girl what her a-shining help _ some of the darkest days the knew during the Great Depression. It's hard today imagine the super star Shirley had been once "America's Little Darling". She had sung and have danced hern way to the top of the box office in such films as Bright Eyes, Curly Top and Heidi. By 1940, she had done appeared in 43 film. Temple team with Bill Robison in four movies, and theirn dance on the stairs in The Little Colonel is still a legendary film moment. In the 1930s, hern name on a movie introduction assure a a-packed house. She inspire dolls, dresses, dishes--even a drink (alcohol-free, of course). US President Franklin D. Roosevelt once famously say that "as long as ourn country has Shirley Temple, we might will be all right.'' Unlike so many of today's child stars, Temple didn't end up with hern name appearing across the headlines for bad behaviors. Instead of a-getting hern photos on front pages or a-struggling with drugs and alcohol, Temple go on to a second career in diplomacy , a-including presidential appointments as ambassador to Ghana. She surprise a lot of people as doubt her with hern grace, knowledge and eagerness to serve. In fact, her career in public service (20 year) was longer than her career in movies (19). The role value , however, was wife most, mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. The world has done lost a treasured Hollywood legend. But hern movies finna allow that little dynamic figure for to continue charming a very long time audiences.
Tuscany is a region in central Italy with an area of about and a population of about 3.8 million inhabitants (2013). The regional capital is Florence ("Firenze"). Tuscany is knew for itsn , traditions, history, artistic legacy and itsn influence high culture landscapes. It is regarded as the birthplace of the Italian Renaissance and was home to many figures influential in the history of art and science, and contains well-knew museums such as the Uffizi and the Pitti Palace. Tuscany is producing wines, including Chianti, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Morellino di Scansano and Brunello di Montalcino. Having a strong linguistic and cultural identity, it is sometimes considered "a nation within a nation". Tuscany is traditionally a popular destination in Italy, and the main tourist destinations by number of tourist arrivals in 2014 was Florence, Pisa, Montecatini Terme, Castiglione della Pescaia and Grosseto. The village of Castiglione della Pescaia is also the most visited seaside destination in the region, with seaside tourism a-accounting for approximately 40% of tourist arrivals in Tuscany. Additionally, Siena, Lucca, the Chianti region, Versilia and Val d'Orcia are also internationally renowned and particularly popular spots among travellers. Seven Tuscan locality have done been designated World Heritage Sites: the historic centre of Florence (1982); the Cathedral square of Pisa (1987); the historical centre of San Gimignano (1990); the historical centre of Siena (1995); the historical centre of Pienza (1996); the Val d'Orcia (2004), and the Medici Villas and Gardens (2013). Tuscany has over 120 a-protected nature reserf, making Tuscany and itsn capital Florence popular tourist destinations that is attracting millions of tourists every year. In 2012, the city of Florence had been the world's 89th most visited city, with over 1.834 million arrival.
CHAPTER VI. AN OBSTINATE DETECTIVE. Dan was in a fine tempers when Seth finally release hisn hold, and after a-understanding that it might would be useless to pursue the fugitive he turn upon hisn partner savagely. "A nice kind of a chump y'all are! Are Letting a feller is burning yourn house down, an' then is paying him fifteen cent for doin' it! After that, when I make me up myn mind for to give him the dose needs, y'all turn against me for to help him! I s'pose that's what-all y'all are calling bein' a chum of mine?" "That's exactly what it is, Dan," Seth reply soothingly. "After y'all cooled off a bit y'all might will be glad I didn't let y'all pitch into a feller as might wouldn't raise his hands." "He didn't 'cause he don't dare." "If a feller had any spunk about him he would dare to do all he could while somebody else was thumpin' him. Jip is feeling bad for what-all he did to us, an' would stand still to let y'all are pounding him; but still it couldn't ai done y'all any good, Dan. Y'all aren't wanting to get the name of bein' a bruiser." "I'd be willin' to take 'most any kind of a name rather'n let Jip Collins off without so much as turnin' a hair on his head!" "That's the way you feel jest now 'cause you're off your base; but wait a couple of hours, an' then you'll talk different." "I might won't if I live for to be twice as gray-a-headed as ever Methuselah was, for itai a downright shame for to let him to go with money in his pockets after tryin' for to kill us."
CHAPTER X. THE VISIT TO MARY ERSKINE'S. Malleville and Phonny arrived at Mary Erskine's about an hour after Beechnut left them. They meet with no special adventures by the way, except that when they reach the great pine-tree, Phonny propose for to climb up, for the purpose of a-examining a small bunch which see upon one of the branches, did which think be a bird's nest. It was the same pine-tree that mark the place at which a road branch off into the woods, where Mary Bell done a-lost hern way, several years before. Malleville was very unwilling to have Phonny is climbing up upon such a high , but Phonny hisself was very desirous to make the attempt tree. There was a log fence at the foot of the tree, and the distance ain't very great from the uppermost log of the fence, to the lowermost branch of the tree. So Phonny think that he could get up without any difficulty. Malleville was afraid have him to try, and she say that if he did, he would be acting just as foolish as the boy that had done told them about, nip his own nose; and so that she should not stop see him to do any such foolishness. So she walk along as fast as she might could go. Phonny unfortunately have been a-rendered only the more determined climb the tree by Malleville's opposition. He accordingly mount up to the top of the fence, and thence a-reaching the lower branches of the tree succeed at length, by dint of much a-scrambling and a-struggling, in a-lifting himself up among them. He climb out to the limb where he had done saw the appearances of a birds's nest, but find to hisn disappointments that it was no birds's nest there. The bunch was only a little tuft of twigs growing out together.
(CNN) -- They are some of the last thoughts of a serial killer, found on bloods-soaked, handwritten and often poetic notes in his Alaska jail cell after he take his own life. "Speak soft in yourn ear so y'all know that it's true. Y'all may have been free, y'all loved living your lie, fate had its own scheme, crushed like a bug y'all still are dying," Israel Keyes writed. Keyes kill hisself in December. He was in custody in the killing of barista Samantha Koenig, 18, whom he abducted it from a coffee stand in Anchorage, Alaska, last February. Koenig was one of at least eight person admit to killing, but he might may done a-taken other lives, police done a-said. Keyes' notes was released by the FBI on Wednesday after they was cleaned up at the bureau's lab in Quantico, Virginia. They was found under hisn body, wrote in a combination of pencil and ink on a yellow legal pad, the FBI say in a statement. The bureau say the notes aren't confirming any of his killings, are adding any new victims to his grisly toll, or are offering any other clues might help their investigation. It had said an analysis have shown no hidden or code the four pages messages. But a read of them does give a glimpse into Keyes' mind, apparently a-describing how it feeled to take a life and the disdain in which holded much of American society. "I have looked in yourn eyes, they have been so dark, warm and a-trusting as though y'all have had not no worry or care. The more guiless (sp) the gaze the better potentials for to fill up those there pools with yourn fears," Keyes write at one point.
CHAPTER IV The Princess look up with ill-concealed eagerness as Forrest enter. "Well," she ask, "have y'all any news?" Forrest shaked his head. "None," he answer. "I am up for the day only. Cecil is fixin to not let us is staying any longer. He was here himself the day before yesterday. We are taking it by turns for to come away." "And it is nothing for to tell us?" the Princess ask. "No change of any sort?" "None," Forrest answer. "It is no good a-attempting to persuade ourself that there is any." "What-all be does you up for, then?" she ask. He had laughed hardly. "I am like a diver," he answer, "who-all might have for to come to the surface every now and then for fresh air. Life down at Salthouse is very nearly the acme of stagnation. Ourn only excitement day by day is the danger--and the hope." "Is Cecil a-getting braver?" the Princess have asked. "I think that he is, a little," Forrest had answered. The Princess nod. "We meet the Bellamy Smiths him'," she say. "It was quite a reunion. Andrew was there, and the Duke." Forrest's face darkened. "Meddling fool," he mutter. "Are y'all knowing that there is two detectives now in Salthouse? They are coming and are going and are asking all questions manner. One of them is pretending that he is believing Engleton have been a-drowned, and are walking always on the beach and are hiring boatmen to explore the creeks. The other is sitting in the inn and are bribing the servants with drinks to talk. But don't let's talk about this any longer. How is Jeanne?"
"It's 8:15 on a Sunday morning," have said the officer, Tidwell, "and this sort of thing is seeming an unlikely adventure at such a time. Might would y'all mind a-explaining?" The man was astonished at the voice from behind. He had turned about and have said, "I am knowing what-all y'all're thinking, officer, but it ain't true. It's a very funny mistake." "I am thinking y'all just left this here house in a manner rather than the usual one. That may be quite all right, but I'd like for to make me sure." Tidwell had taken out hisn notebook and a pen. "Name, address and occupation and then, please tell us your story." "Charlie Crane, lorry driver, from Nottingham, 51 Brecon Street. My story?" "Yes, What was y'all a-doing like a fly on that there wall, Mr. Crane?" "Well, I have had a breakdown yesterday and have had stay the night here. The landlady's name is Mrs. Fern. It is me breakfast at seven , and I was out of here in the right way and down at the lorry park by half past seven that she give . It had been only when I have felt around for a cigarette that have realized I might would left $80 under the pillow here. It's a habit 've a-got into. I even do it almost every day." "I see. Why didn't y'all miss when y'all mean for to pay Mrs. it? What-all's hern name?" "It is her last night that i pay. Y'all gotta pay when y'all are taking the room, are seeing? So I come a-rushing back, but it's Sunday, and she might would went back to bed. I ring the bell and bang on the front door for ten minute before I come round here. Up I go this here pipe and the moneys were still there. Y'all are knowing the rest, and so I am hoping y'all are believing it because...." "Mr. Crane, whatever are y'all a-doing here? I think y'all'd gone an hour ago." It had been Mrs. Fern.
Hey! That ain't fair! Knights can't fly! Only wizards like me can! And might maybe also witches. Bobby yell. "Yes! They might can, too!" Frank say, "They're the most powerful and y'all can't stop me from a-flying!" "Well, if y'all fly, then I can fight with a sword, too. It's only fair," Bobby say back. "No! They can't! They ain't even strong enough pick up a sword. They might cann't even pick up no knife, they're so weak! I amn't even knowing what-all y'all're talking about. Y'all're crazy, ain't y'all?" Frank point hisn finger at Bobby and run at him with the sword a-made out of cardboard. Bobby had jumped out of the way as quick as he might could! Bobby then point a finger at Frank. "FREEZE!" Frank had stopped in place. "Hey, y'all might cann't use freeze no spell. How might can I fight y'all if I might cann't move? I'm fixin for to tell mom." "I can use any spell am wanting! I can use Freeze, Trap, and Fly! It is any of them that i can do! I'm also a-telling mom that y'all think y'all might can fly and y'all might cann't. Y'all're a stupid knight with no brains. It is all the brains here . that i have " Bobby cross hisn arms over hisn chest and stomp a foot on the ground. "Y'all are taking that back! I'm the smartest knight it is and I might will get me y'all any day!" Suddenly, Frank pull Bobby to the ground. "Take it back right now!" "BOYS! What-all's all the noise?" Mom had asked. "Bobby call me stupid!" Frank yell. "Frank is tryna fly!" Bobby cry. "Oh boy." Mom laugh.
The sun was a-rising in the morning and so the birds was a-waking up. A mother bird was watching over hern baby the nest eggs. She lay four egg yesterday, some white and some spot. She had a-been a-keeping them warm so that hern babies might would soon be a-born. Little cracks have appeared on the eggs and so they have started for to grow and are growing. Little "a-cheeping" sounds could be a-heard a-coming from inside, and soon the eggs crack open. Featherless baby birds have been inside, a-crying for food. The mother had nothing for to give, so she quick fly to the ground and look in the dirt for food. She see some worms a-wiggling in the ground. She pick a few up with hern beak and fly them up to the nest. The babies was well fed with the worms, and the mother keeped them all warm in the cold spring morning. Mr. Bird had come home for to find hisn new babies, and they have been all a happy family.
CHAPTER NINE. A STORM BREWING--IT BURSTS, AND PRODUCES CONSEQUENCES--THE PARTY TAKE TO THE WATER PER FORCE--ALL SAVED. "Ah, Bryan! `a friend in need is a friend indeed,'" had said Frank, as he had sat on a rock a-watching the blacksmith and hisn two Indians while they have performed the operation of a-skinning the bear, whose timely destruction has a-been a-related in the last chapter. "I must say I never have seen a man is standing his grounds so well, with a brute like that stealing kisses from his cheek. Was they sweet, Bryan? Are they reminding y'all of the fair maid of Derry, hey?" "Ah! thrue for ye," replied the blacksmith, as he stepped to a rock for the purpose of whetting his knife; "yer honour was just in time to save me a power o' throuble. Bad skran to the baste! it would have taken three or four rounds at laste to have finished him nately off, for there's no end o' fat on his ribs that would have kep' the knife from goin' far in." Frank had laughed at this free-and-easy way of a-looking at it. "So y'all are thinking y'all might would have done a-killed him, do y'all, if I had done not a-saved y'all no trouble?" "Av coorse I do. Shure a man is better than a baste any day; and besides, ain't I a frind at myn back ridy to help us?" Bryan cast a comical leer at La Roche as he say this, and so the poor Frenchman blush, for he feel that hisn conducts in the affair had ain't very praiseworthy. It is due to La Roche for to say, however, that no sooner had he found himself at the top of the tree, and had a moment for to reflect, than he slide rapidly to the bottom again, and run to no assistance of hisn friend, not, however, in no time for to render such assistance available, as he come up just at the moment the bear fall.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Yemen's information minister escaped an assassination attempt unharmed Tuesday, his office manager said. The minister, Ali al-Amrani, was a-headed to the prime minister's office when the attack occur, it is CNN that spokesman Abdul Basit al - Qaedi tell. At least 10 bullets was shot in the direction of the vehicle al-Amrani was a-getting into, al-Qaedi say. Three bullet hitted the back window and trunk of the car, he add. Witnesses say there was at least two gunman. Al-Amrani ain't a-hurt in no attack, al-Qaedi say. The minister's office say al-Amrani done a-been a-targeted recently in a hates campaign by pro-revolution groups. "A number of factions in the country start a hate campaign against the minister and threats was given to him in the past," say al-Qaedi. Yemen's Interior Ministry telled the attack is investigation CNN, but there is no prime suspects. Last week, al-Amrani receive a death threat by an anonymous caller from a Saudi telephone number, al-Qaedi say. The minister recently launch a massive presidential campaign for to support might candidate Abdurabu Hadi, the country's current vice president. It is CNN the country is facing a critical time for change and all Yemenis must stand together to support Hadi that al - Amrani tell. Yemen has done a-been a-beset with demonstrations against President Ali Abdullah Saleh since early last year, when pro-democratic uprisings spreaded across the Arab world. It is their protests against the president , despite a power transfer deal that leads to his departure that demonstrators have a-continued . Under the plan, Saleh -- who's been in office for 33 year -- is fixin to step down after the February 21 election and will receive immunity under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Las Vegas (CNN)Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch was neighbors. Their homes are a-walking distance from each other and from a park. It had been in that there park where, a-according to Meyers' husband, she had used to talk to the young man, where had implored him to act like an adult. On Thursday, Nowsch was arrested, accused of a-killing Meyers in what-all has been described as a road rage incident end a week ago with a shooting in front of Meyers' home. "We know this boy. I couldn't tell y'all this before," Robert Meyers telled reporters after the arrest. "He know where I live. We know how bad he was, but still we aren't knowing it ai this bad. That he'd gotta this point, and hisn friends." Nowsch, 19, is facing three felony charge: murders, a-attempted murders and unlawful discharge of a gun from a vehicle. A Monday morning court hearing has done been scheduled. Robert Meyers say hisn wife try for to help Nowsch. "Myn wife had spent countless hours at that there park a-consoling this here boy," he had said. "She had been real good to him. She had fed him, it is him money that she had given. She telled him pull his pants up and be a man. More times than I might can count." Police say they a-looking for at least one more suspect, but still they are believing Nowsch was the shooter. Homicide Capt. Chris Tomaino told reporters that he owned registered firearms but wouldn't say how many guns or what type of weapons they were. It done was unclear Thursday night whether Nowsch had an attorney; court documents a-detailing his charges aren't listing no lawyer.
(CNN) -- November 6, 2008, 9:06 a.m.: Ernie Casillas can peg the downward spiral of his life to that there exact minute, when he have been fired from his job as a mortgage broker. Barack Obama had done just been elected president as Casillas was leaving the work force. Nearly four year later, as Obama seeks reelection, Casillas finally landed hisn first full-time job, a-emerging out of the group knew as the long-term unemployed. The Labor Department's July employments figures on Friday showed the average duration of unemployment shrinked from 39.9 week in June to 38.8 week in July. The percentage of people which are unemployed long-term (27 week or longer) shrink from 41.9% in June to 40.7% in July. Casillas are saying hisn life is evidence that the economy a-beginning for to turn around. But the road to hisn new job was painful, heartbreaking and financially devastating. July jobs report: Hiring picks up, unemployment rises He remembers his life pre-November 2008: He wear expensive suits, drive a Mercedes and spend every cent of his paycheck. When he was laid off, he think he might would be back at works in two week. He had been wrong. The subprime mortgage crisis was a-eating away at the U.S. economy. Employers was a-shedding jobs, not a-adding them. A few credits shy of his associate degree, Casillas finded himself a-overqualified for many jobs but underqualified for higher-a-paid middle-class ones. "Overqualified, what-all is that meaning?" Casillas remembers. "They keep telling that me. Meanwhile, my life a-going down the drain." He losed hisn house, hisn Mercedes, and so then hisn wife leaved him. In hisn 40s, he have been a-forced take the humiliating step of moving in with hisn mother. A year after he losed hisn job, he beginned a-selling everything he owned on Craigslist.
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise owned by Time Inc. Its self-titled magazine has over 3 million subscriber and is read by 23 million person each week, including over 18 million man. It had been the first magazine with circulation over one million win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice. Its swimsuit issue, which done been published since , is now an annual publishing event is generating its own television shows 1964, videos and calendars. There was two magazines named "Sports Illustrated" before the current magazine begin on August 16, 1954. In 1936, Stuart Scheftel create "Sports Illustrated" with a target market for the sportsman. It is the magazine from 1936 to 1938 on a monthly basis that he publish. The magazine was a life magazine size and focus on golf, tennis, and a-skiing with articles on the major sports. He then sell the name to Dell Publications, which release "Sports Illustrated" in 1949 and this here version last 6 issue before a-closing. Dell's version focus on major sports (baseball, basketball, boxing) and compete on magazine racks against "Sport" and other monthly sports magazines. During the 1940s these magazines was monthly and they did not cover the current events because of productions no schedules. It was no large-base, general, weekly sports magazine with a national actual active events following. It was then that "Time" patriarch Henry Luce beginned a-considering whether his company might should attempt fill that there gap. At the time, many believe sports was beneath the attention of serious journalism and did not think sports news might could fill a weekly magazine, especially during the winter. A number of advisers to Luce, a-including "Life" magazine's Ernest Havemann, try for to kill the idea, but still Luce, ain't sports no fan, decide the time was right.
Scott Alan wake up very early that morning in hisn hisn house bedroom. He had felt a-licking hisn face something and he ain't sure what-all it had been. As he open hisn green eyes slow, he see a bit of fur. Then it is a tongue that he see. After that, some more fur and then are slurping! He have been licked again! "Oh, Boscoe!" the little boy say with as he kiss hisn furry little brown dog joy. The dog had been Scott's friend for as long as might could remember. They have gone on many adventures together. The two of them really never left each other's side and so Scott done woke up many times this here way. One of the memorablest adventures that and Boscoe had done happened when Scott had been 12. Scott had wanted have a little fun. He also want to adventure with Boscoe. Scott had gotted did a-eating and have wanted ride his bicycle breakfast. Boscoe was a-walking and so Scott was a-riding hisn bicycle down by the park very close to the river near Scott's houses. He want for to do a little adventuring. Boscoe was walking next to the shore and start barking hisn head off! Scott ain't sure what-all he was barking at, so he get off hisn bicycle and run down into the river see what-all all the noise was about. All of the sudden, Boscoe falled in the waters and was took down stream with the fast waters. Scott done yelled, "Boscoe!" and he had been off. He jump into the and begin a-swimming Boscoe water. Boscoe's little legs was doggy a-paddling as fast as they could, but had no hope! Finally, Scott catch up to him, but he might couldn't get back to the side of the river! As Scott was a-thinking this was the last of him and Boscoe, a large stick from a fell log was well in reach and Scott grab it and a-using all of this here might, he pull him and Boscoe out of the river. "Boy, had been that close!" Scott yell out loud! That was the best adventure ever!
Living in a foreign culture might can be exciting, but it might can also be confusing. A group of Americans teach English in other countries recently discuss theirn experiences. They decide that miscommunications was always possible, even over something as simple as"yes"and"no". On hern first day in Micronesia, an island in the Pacific, Lisa think people wasn't a-paying no attention to her. The day had been hot. She go into a store and ask, "Do y'all have cold drinks? "The woman there isn't saying anything. Lisa repeat the question. Still the woman say nothing. She later learn that the woman done a-answered her: She done a-raised hern eyebrows , which in Micronesia means"yes". Jan remember an experience had in Bulgaria, a country in Europe. She go to a restaurant that was known for itsn cabbage. She ask the , "Do y'all have cabbage waiter today? "He nod hisn head. Jan wait, but still the cabbage never come. In that country, a nod means"no". Tom had a similar problem when he arrive in India. After explaining something in clases, he ask his students if they understand. They answer with many different nods and shakes of the head. He thinked some people ain't understood, so he explained again. When he ask again, they did the same thing. He soon find out that his students are understanding. In India, people are nodding and are shaking theirn heads in different ways depending on where they are coming from. Y'all have for to know where does a person be from for to understand whether they mean"yes"or"no".
Once upon a times there have been a cute brown puppy. He had been a very happy puppy. Hisn name was Rudy. Rudy had had a most best friend. His name was Thomas. It is a nice dad named Rick that thomas have had. Thomas and Rudy had been friends for almost a year. Rudy and Thomas love to play in the big back yard. Sometimes, Thomas would ask his friend Jacob to come to the back yard and are playing with them. Jacob might would always bring his puppy too. Jacob's puppy was named Sally. Thomas and Jacob might would run around the back yard and so Rudy and Sally chase them and a-barked. They all have had so much fun a-playing together. One day, Thomas telled Rudy that tomorrow might would be a very special day. It might would be Rudy's birthday. Rudy was very excited. The next day come and Thomas throw a birthday party for Rudy. All of Rudy's friends was there and they had presents for him. Jacob bring Rudy a new ball and Sally bring him a bone. There was one more present for Rudy for to open. When he open the gift from Thomas, Rudy was so exited that he jump and barked. It had been a new red collar with a shiny name tags on it. It was the best gift Rudy had ever been gave.
(The Frisky) -- By T-minus 18 days until the Oscars and, of course, we are all starting to place bets on who we think will walk away with little golden men this year. Luckily, the Academy proved itself to be pretty darn predictable over the years. If y'all're America's Sweetheart, y'all'll probably win Best Actress. If y'all sing in a flick, y'all are almost guaranteed Oscar golds. But there's another trend 've been a-noticing late: the winners for Best Actress and Best Actor tend to be the person at's took on the based-on-a-true-story role. In facts, 10 of the 20 top honor gave in the 2000s go to actors portray real people. Are Letting's are taking a look, might shall we? Last year, Sandra Bullock done won Best Actress -- just days after taking home a Razzie -- for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy, the Southern mom as took in Michael Oher and helped are coaching him toward football greatness. The real Leigh Anne was in the to see Sandra to accept her award theater. The Frisky: 12 Female Celebs Reveal Their True Size In 2008, Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor -- again! -- for playing Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man for to be elected to public office in California. I still remember the gorgeous mermaid-scale gown that Marion had won when she had accepted the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007 for hern role in "La Vie En Rose." In the movie, she play Edith Piaf, an real popular singer in France which was also known them for hern out-of-control social life. In many ways, Marion winned for playing the Britney Spears of 1950s France.
(CNN) -- Smart, successful, funny and handsome. Robin Williams have seemed to have it all. And yet, today he is dead. Apparently, by his own choices. But why? What-all gone wrong? The joy, spontaneity and humor of Robin Williams likely mask the daily torment endure in hisn on-again-off-again struggle with depression. He maked us are laughing out here, but he was in pain in there. Unfortunately, I am knowing that pain. In his death, we lost one of the talentedest and creative spirits on the planet. Still, hisn death by might should be a are waking-up call us suicide all. It is remind us that many of us are walking a fine line -- smiling on the outside while slow dying on the inside. I amn't knowing Robin personally, so I am unable to speak with any certainty as to why he choose to end hisn life. But I experienced that kind of torment and pain. For years, I, too, have struggled with depression. And many days, I still do. Complete coverage on Robin Williams Those who are suffering will do just about anything not to feel the pain anymore. And in them moments, theirn brains are becoming theirn most worst enemies. It often is taking an outside force to provide light, to make sure those dark thoughts ain't, as in the case of Robin, ourn last thoughts. A-According to the Centers for Disease Center, suicide rates increase from 2000 to 2011 from 10.4 deaths per 100,000 to 12.3 deaths per 100,000. The rate of suicide is higher and rising among men. In 2011, 78.5% of suicides was by men, at a rate of 20.2 death per 100,000.
Yorkshire ( or ; abbreviated Yorks), formally knew as the County of York, is a historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom. Due to itsn great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have done been undertook over time by itsn subdivisions, also were subject to periodic reform. Throughout these here changes, Yorkshire continued to be recognised as a geographical territory and cultural region. The name is familiar and well understand across the United Kingdom and is in common use in the media and the military, and also features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and East Riding of Yorkshire. Within the borders of the historic county of Yorkshire are areas which are widely considered to be among the greenest in England, due to the vast stretches of unspoilt countryside in the Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors and to the open aspect of some of the major cities. Yorkshire has sometimes been nicknamed "God's Own County" or "God's Own Country". The emblem of Yorkshire is the White Rose of the English royal House of York, and the most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a blue background, which after nearly fifty year of use, was recognised it by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008. Yorkshire Day, held annually on 1 August, is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire, ranging from its historys to its own dialect.
It once was an elephant named Ellie. She really like for to eat peanuts. She live with a circus and performed with clowns. One day she done was real hungry and might could not find no peanuts. She ask the lion, "Do y'all have any peanuts?" The lion had said, "Sorry, I amn't liking no peanuts, but still the squirrel may ai some." Ellie went looking for the squirrel and along the way see a little girl. The little girl was a-crying. Ellie ask the little girl, "Why y'all a-crying?" The little girl, Ava, say, "I lose myn parents!" The elephant put Ava on hern back and say, "I might can help y'all are looking for them." They look high and low for Ava's parents. Ellie maked a loud sound with hern nose and Ava's parents comed for to see what-all did it be! Hern parents was so happy find Ava and so was Ellie. Ellie's stomach begin growl and Ava have heard it. She digged into her parent's bag and bringed out a bag of peanuts! Ellie eat the peanuts and so everyone live happily ever after.
The Rover family is going to the a wonderful picnic park. The Rovers are a family of dogs. Mommy Rover is packing a lunch is including lots of doggie treats like dog bones and chew sticks. Daddy Rover is bringing the dog toys - an old Frisbee and a shoe that might can be a-used for some fun activities - so theirn puppies, Paulie and Lucky, have games for to play. It is a bright sunny day at the dog park. Lots of other doggie families are also at the park enjoying the nice weather. It is their friends , the Fidos , and invite them to join them for lunch that the Rovers see . The two families are eating and are playing together. Afterwards, it's nap time for the pups. The adult dogs clean up the leftover foods. They are packing the extra food in doggie bags - and are packing their baskets and head home. The day had been a lot of funs for all the dogs. Next week they plan for to go to the beach and so they might invite the Fidos for to join them again.
Linda was kind of late. Linda, 25, had had a lot to do at works, plus visitors on the way: hern parents was coming in for Thanksgiving from hern hometown. But as she hurry down the subways stairs, she start to feel uncomfortably warm. By the time she get to the platform, Linda feel weak and tired -- maybe it ain't ai a good idea to give blood the night before, she think. She rest herself against a posts close to the tracks. Several yards away, Frank, 43, and hisn girlfriend, Jennifer, finded a spot close to where the front of the train might would stop. They have been deep in discussion about a houses they were thinking of buying. But when he heard the scream, followed by someone yelling, "Oh, my God, she fell in!"Frank didn't hesitate. He jump down to the tracks and run some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails. "No ! Not you ! "his girlfriend had screamed after him. She had been right to be alarmed. By the time Frank reach Linda, he might could feel the tracks a-shaking and are seeing the light a-coming. The train done was about 20 seconds from the station. It had been hard lift her. She had been just out. But he manage to raise her the four feet to the platform so that bystanders could hold her by the arms and drag her away from the edge. That was where Linda briefly regain consciousness, feel herself being pulled along the ground, and see someone else holding her purse. Linda thinked she'd been robbed. A woman holded hern hand and so a man gived hisn shirt help stop the blood a-pouring from hern head. And she try to talk but she couldn't, and that ai when she realize how much pain she was in. Police and fires officials soon have arrived, and so Frank had told the an officer story. Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40minute train ride downtown--just as he had been seconds after the rescue, which made her think about her reaction at the time. "I seed the train coming and I was thinking he was finna die, " she explained.
(CNN) -- It is the most powerful vice president in American history remains resolute in his steadfast defense of his time in the White House in a new documentary that begins airing Friday that the man label. "I have done what-all I have done. It's all on the public record, and I am feeling very good about it. If I had to do it over again, I'd do it in a minute," Dick Cheney says in "The World According to Dick Cheney," which debuts at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime. The two-hour documentary is telling the story of Cheney's life through his own comments, supplemented by a narrator and interviews with journalists, biographers, former aides and his longtime friend and mentor Donald Rumsfeld, the former secretary of Defense. While the film is covering Cheney's unprecedented and controversial role as vice president, the first half of the film is exploring the surprising tale of hisn rise from a two-time Yale dropout with two drunk-driving arrest to the man once stand behind the leader of the free world. In "The World A-According to Dick Cheney," produced by R.J. Cutler — also knew for "The War Room" and "The September Issue" -- the former Washington powerhouse gets personal, but still he still maintains his ever-steady, matter-of-fact tone. "When y'all come in at nights after works, y'all'd go to the bar and down large quantities of Coors beers," he state coolly, referring to the two times he was arrested them for drinking and driving in hisn home state of Wyoming. Noticeably absent from the documentary are details about Cheney's post-White House life. The 72-year-old is giving little to no insight about his heart transplant last year or his decision for to support same-sex marriage. His younger daughter Mary wed her longtime partner Heather Poe in June.
Plymouth (i/ˈplɪməθ/) is a city on the south coast of Devon, England, about 37 miles (60 km) south-west of Exeter and 190 miles (310 km) west-south-west of London, between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west where they join Plymouth Sound to form the boundary with Cornwall. Plymouth's early history is extending to the Bronze , when a first had emerged Mount Batten Age. This here settlement continue as a trading post for the Roman Empire, until it was surpassed by the more prosperous village of Sutton, now called Plymouth. In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers depart Plymouth for the New World and establish Plymouth Colony – the second English settlement in what-all is now the United States of America. During the English Civil War the town was held by the Parliamentarians and was besieged between 1642 and 1646. Throughout the Industrial Revolution, Plymouth grow as a commercial shipping port, a-handling imports and passengers from the Americas, and a-exporting local minerals (tin, copper, lime, china clay and arsenic) while the neighbouring town of Devonport become a strategic Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town. In 1914 three neighbouring independent town, viz., the county borough of Plymouth, the county borough of Devonport, and the urban district of East Stonehouse was merged form a single County Borough. The combined town had taken the name of Plymouth , in 1928, had achieved city status. The city's naval importance later done led to itsn targeting and partial destruction during World War II, an act a-known as the Plymouth Blitz. After the war the city centre was completely rebuilt and so subsequent expansion lead to the incorporation of Plympton and Plymstock along with other outlying suburbs in 1967.
(CNN) -- For the first time since the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, Christine Wilford is planning do something remarkable on Thursday that once have been routine: are dropping hern child off at school. The last time hern 7-year-old , Richie, had been in class had been on December 14, when a had smashed hisn way into hisn school in Newtown, Connecticut, and have killed 26 child and adults. As shots have rung out, Richie's teacher had locked the door and have huddled hern students into the corner as the shooter had roamed the hallways, a-wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and firing. When it appear safe, the children was then hurried away to a nearby fire station, where teary either reunited with theirn sons and daughters or learn that they had done been killed. Nearly a month later, Wilford say hern son still has trouble sleeping and is often scared by loud noises. It is faith , charity , hope that newtown is choosing But on Thursday, he might will join hundreds of other Newtown students returning to class for the first time since the tragedy. "We think it's good he's a-going back," Wilford say. "If I leave my child anywhere, I'm leaving a piece of my heart, so it's difficult leave him." 'I am thinking I'll be OK,' Sandy Hook student is saying after first day But Richie apparently ain't afraid and are saying he's a-looking forward to a-seeing hisn friends, she say. They might won't ai a-attending Sandy Hook Elementary, which police say it remains part of an ongoing investigation into Adam Lanza, the gunman which also kill hisn mother before a-opening fire at the school.
A boy named Pedro was walking down the street one day, and so he meet a pretty girl in a pink dress which hand him a bell. It have been made of metals, and have looked worn and old. The girl say, this here bell give us my wish for a pink dress, but in orders for to keep my wish, I have for to give the bell to someone else. Are Ringing the bell three time to get yourn wish. Not two, not four, but three. When your wish is arriving, are giving the bell to someone else. Pedro thank the girl for the bell, and so when she had a-gone, he ring the bell three time and wish for a puppy. Soon after, he see a a street corner puppy. It had been black with brown and white spots. He pick the up and hug it puppy. Then it is his friend Alice that he see. He gived the bell to Alice, ringed the bell and wished for a pretty birds. Soon a pretty bird land on hern might shoulder. Alice think the bell was a wonderful thing, and choose keep it, rather than are giving it away. The next day when she wake up, hern bird had flown away.
Jack and Mackenzie want to do something fun during theirn day off from school. They done knew that the library had story time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Their mother had told them they might could go to the library every Tuesday for their story time. They pack up the car and drive to the library, ready for a fun morning. When they have arrived to the story room, there have been lots of other children theirn age, all a-sitting cross-legged and ready for the story of the day. The teacher tell they might would be reading "The Wild Horse them". She begin tell the story of Majestic, the wild horse as could ain't a-calmed. His people done a-tried and try to break him, but he was wild at heart. Every time they taken him to the river drink, he would run straight into the water and get a-soaking wet! He would splash and play until he had been ready to go back home, where he would sleep for hours, a-having worn hisself out a-playing.
Once it was a white horse named Bob, which live in a house with his best friend. His friend was a cat named Shelly which love for to play baseball. The two of them might would go to the park and are playing baseball with Lucy a lamb which live next door. It was Friday morning and Bob and Shelly was in the park waiting for Lucy. She was late and when she finally show up she had done forgot the ball. "What-all might can we use for a ball?" Bob ask. They look around. There was rocks but they was too hard. It could is mud out of the pond but that would be too soft and splat when they hitted it with the wooden bat. Finally Bob, a-being the most tallest, see that in a pile of plants that it was melons a-growing. "To Let's to use a melon," Bob say. "That's stupid," say Shelly, the practical one. "No are hearing him out," say Lucy. "It might work. "It might will work," say Bob, and so he pick a melon and hand it to Shelly. "Y'all are pitching." "This fixin to end bad, I'm afraid," Shelly had said, throwing the melon at Bob who had stood over home plate. "I am knowing what-all 'm I doing," Bob had said, swinging the bat as hard as he might could. When the bat hit the melon splatted it into a million piece, a-raining sticky pieces down on Bob and Shelly and Lucy and a wedding party had been a-setting up near. "Oops," say Bob.
CHAPTER XII THE MEETING OF THE GEE EYES When Link Merwell go down again Dave look at Nat Poole, a-thinking that lad might possibly attack him. But the dudish fellow was too scared to do anything but back away to a safe distance. "Don--don't you dare to hit me, Porter!" he cried, in a trembling voice. "Aren't y'all daring! If y'all do I'll tell Doctor Clay!" "If y'all are behaving yourself I'll not lay myn fingers on y'all, Nat Poole," was the reply. "Merwell had brought this on himself--y'all know that as well as I do." "He's pretty bad hurt, I fear." "Oh, he'll come around all straight," answer Dave. "Y'all had better see to it that he gets to the Hall safe." " y'all fixin to leave us?" "Yes, I am wanting to find me Henshaw and the others." Nat Poole want for to argue, but still he is not daring. Dave wait until Link Merwell sit up and open his eyes. Then he leapt on the ice-boat and flung off the three skate found them there. "A-Going away?" mumbled Merwell, when could speak. "Yes, and after this, Link Merwell, see that y'all keep a civil tongue in yourn head," answer Dave, and so then he trim the sail of the ice-boat, shove the craft around, and start for the river. Dave was a good deal "work up," but he done not a-deemed it wise to let his enemies see it. To be called a "poorhouse rat" had done stung him to the quick, and once again when touched on that there subject he had done found hisn temper as ungovernable as ever.
CHAPTER XXVII TATO IS ADOPTED They canvassed the subject of their future travels with considerable earnestness. Uncle John was bent upon getting to Rome and Venice, and from there to Paris, and the nieces was might willing go anywhere he prefer, as they was sure enjoy every day of theirn trip in the old world. But Mr. Watson urge them strongly visit Syracuse, since they ain't likely return to Sicily again and the famousest of all the ancient historic capitals was only a few hour' journey from Taormina. So it was finally decided to pass a week in Syracuse before returning to the continent, and so preparations was at once began for theirn departure. Kenneth plead for one more day in which to finish his picture of Etna, and so this was allowed him. Uncle John nevertheless confess to being uneasy as long as they remain on the scene of his recent exciting experiences. Mr. Watson advise them all to stray far from no hotel, as there ain't no certainty that Il Duca might would not make no attempt to entrap them, or at least to be revenged for theirn escape from hisn clutches. On the afternoons of the next day, however, they was startled by a call from the Duke in person. He was dressed in hisn usual faded velvet costume and comed to them leading by the hand a beautiful little girl. The nieces gazed at the child in astonishment. Tato wear a gray cloth gown, ill-fitting and of coarse material; but no costume might could destroy the fairy-like perfection of hern form or the daintiness of hern exquisite features. With downcast eyes and a troubled expression she stand modestly before them until Patsy catch her rapturously in hern arms and cover hern face with kisses.
(CNN)Sen. Marco Rubio say he might will make a decision on a-running for president in the next few weeks and feels confident that he might could obtain the resources "credibly run a campaign and win," despite an increasingly crowded GOP field a-taking shape. In a wide-a-ranging interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, the Florida Republican also give hisn thoughts on Republican efforts for to defund the president's executive action on immigration, and further explain why he might won't support the administration's new Cuba policy. 2016 Rubio, release a new book "American Dreams" on Tuesday, say he's still deciding whether he thinks he can be more effective as president or as a senator under the new majority. He done already said he might won't run for no offices in 2016. Marco Rubio: Radicalized individuals 'very real threat' to the West With power players Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush now consider likely contenders, Rubio say "they're both credible and well-funded" might candidate but argue it might would still is room for hisn campaign if he decides plow forward. "I'm confident that if we are deciding for to run for president ... we finna have the funding and the resources necessary credibly run a campaign and win," he say. "But I am understanding that the longer y'all are waiting, the harder it is becoming to do that," he add. Romney tells donors he's considering 2016 bid Bush and Romney already was in active in talking with big-money supporters and securing financial resources, making it strategically more difficult for other potential contenders like Rubio lock down support from the GOP's donor class.
(CNN) -- The Japanese coast guard rescued a British woman on a solo round-the-world trip whose boat was damaged it when it roll several times during a tropical storm, her team say Friday. Sarah Outen was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas Friday afternoon, the London2London team wrote on its website. "Sarah is now making hern way are backing to Japan," the team had written. "We are awaiting final confirmation of details of Sarah's arrival in Japan and might will let y'all to know more once we have further information." A nearby merchant vessel and a coast guard plane keep watch on Outen until the rescue ship arrive. Sarah Outen: Around the world on two boats and a bike A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Outen's boat, Gulliver, but she was "bearing up well and demonstrating the strength and resolve that has brought her the huge distance on the journey so far," the team said before her rescue. She ask for pancakes, cold orange juice and grapes for hern first meal after a-arriving in Japan. Planning a round-the-world trip Coincidentally, a second solo British rower is about 280 mile northeast of Outen's position and is also awaiting rescue, Outen's team say. Charlie Martell done departed Japan last month on a quest for to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific, his website is saying. Outen manage for to send updates on Twitter while a-waiting for rescue, writing, "A-Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep a-getting interuptd by waves a-throwing us over." (sic)
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario. With a population in 2016 of 2,731,571, it is the fourth most populous city in North America after Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles. Toronto is the centre of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA), the most populous metropolitan area in Canada, and anchors the Golden Horseshoe, an urbanized region is home to 9.2 million person, or over 26% of the population of Canada. A global city, Toronto is an international centre of busineses, finances, arts, and culture. Toronto is located in Southern Ontario on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario on a broad a-sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest. Indigenous peoples traveled through and have inhabited the area for more than 10,000 years. After the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase, when the Mississaugas surrender the area to the British Crown, the British establish the town of York in 1793, and later designate it as the capital of Upper Canada. During the War of 1812, the town was the site of the Battle of York and suffer heavy damage by U.S. troops. York was a-renamed and a-incorporated as the city of Toronto in 1834, and become the capital of the province of Ontario during Canadian Confederation in 1867. The city proper since expanded past itsn original borders through both annexation and amalgamations to itsn current area of.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics (Italian: Istituto Nazionale di Statistica; Istat) is the main producer of official statistics in Italy. It is the census of population , economic censuses and a number of social , economic and environmental surveys and analyses that its activities are including . Istat is by far the largest producer of statistical informations in Italy, and is an active member of the European Statistical System, coordinated by Eurostat. Itsn publications are released under creative commons "Attribution" (CC BY) license. Istat was created in 1926 as "Central Institute of Statistics" (Istituto Centrale di Statistica), to collect and are organizing essential data about the nation. It had taken its current denomination with the reform of 1989. It is Istat statutory responsibility for the coordination and standardization of official statistics collected or published under the aegis of the national statistical system SISTAN , whose membership includes the statistical offices of ministries , national agencies , regions , provinces , communes , chambers of commerce , and similar bodies that this also give . Since 4 August 2009, Enrico Giovannini, former Chief statistician of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), were the President of the institute. "Istituto Centrale di Statistica": "Istituto Nazionale di Statistica": Istat has 18 regional office is hosting public acceses points a-named "Centri di informazione statistica", Statistical informations centers. It is data from Eurostat that the center in Rome also is offering.
David and Lucy had waited in theirn mom's truck. They all was a-going to the circus see the clowns. Theirn Mom had to take theirn little brother back into the house to get more diapers and go to the bathroom. David was worried because he is not wanting to miss the wolf clown. Lucy watch her brother is rubbing his chin. "Why are y'all a-looking out the window?" she ask. "Mom is needing for to hurry. We might miss the clowns." "I am finna get out of the truck and draw triangles in the sand." Lucy had said. "No! You might make us miss it." David cry. Before she could get out of the truck seed her mom and little brother is walking out of the house. Her mom get in the truck and ask, "Okay kids are we ready go?" David and Lucy yell, "Yes!" When they getted to the circus David and Lucy seed all the clowns. Theirn little brother was too young to go into the , so theirn mom stay him tent. The show had ended and so they have walked to the truck. "What-all do y'all have there?" David ask Lucy "It is a bag find in the tent." Lucy had said. "We gotta return that there Lucy." Theirn mom say. "Why? It has cool it stuff. It is it . that i finded " Lucy say. "It ain't ourn." Their mom say. Lucy frowned as they walked to the and finded and gived the bag lost back. Then they all goed home. When they was a-washing up to go to bed Lucy had said, "I fear some of them clowns. The wolf one was scary." "Lucy, I might can save y'all. The wolf clown had been a person in make-up." With that they shutted off the bathroom are lighting and goed to bed. A great day a-had by all.
Jack and James were good friends .One day,they were walking through the desert .During the journey they had a big fight,and Jack hitted james in the face. James feeled hurt,but he didn't say anything. Instead( ),he wrote in the sand:Today my best friend hit me in the face. They kept on walking until they found an oasis .They decided to get some water there .Suddenly James had trouble in the water,he fall into the mire and was in danger. Jack had saved him at once. When he felt Ok,he wrote on a stone:Today it is my life that my best friend done saved. "After I hurt y'all ,y'all write in the sand, and so now y'all write on the stone. Have Why?"asked Jack. "When someone is hurting us,we might should write it down in the sand so that the wind of forgiveness might can blow it away. But when someone does anything good for us,we must write it down on the stone,so no winds can blow it away." Since then ,the two friend have done never fought with each other again. Hatred might can bring y'all unhappiness nothing .If y'all aren't forgiving no others,y'all are a-making trouble for yourself. Are Keeping a peaceful hearts all the times and are remembering to be always thankful to them who help y'all!
There was once a group of kittens all like for to play together. Theirn names have been Fluffy, Snowball, Cookie Monster, and Larry. Fluffy had been the leader of the group, and whatever he had said, the others have done. One day he had said, "Hey, everybody, letted's go chase some mice." Everyone say "Yes!" except Larry. Larry did not want to chase mice. Larry had wanted to drink some milk. He telled Fluffy, and Fluffy only said "too bad." So everyone had gone off for to chase mice. The next day Fluffy say, "Hey, everybody, letted's are going are annoying the dogs." Everyone say "Yes" except Larry. Larry think it was a bad idea. He tell Fluffy, and Fluffy only say, "Too bad." So everyone go off for to annoy the dogs. Except Larry. When the cats annoy the dogs, the dogs become very angry. They start a-growling. They catched the theirn paws kittens. The kittens yell, "Help us!" Larry hear, and so he run over and hiss at the dogs. The dogs could not see Larry, only his shadow, which look very big. The dogs getted scared and runned away, and the kittens cheered. "Yay Larry! We might will do anything y'all are wanting!"
It once was a girl named Erin at had a real close friend named Kevin. They really have liked being with each other, only it had been difficult as Erin had lived in England and Kevin have lived in the United States. Because they both like traveling and Erin want to see Kevin, she plan a trip to see him in the United States one summer. They had done planned to travel around where Kevin live and then go to see New York City at one point in orders to see the sights and have a real nice steak dinner together. Once Erin arrive and meet Kevin at the airport, she run up to him and jump into his arms, a-giving him a great big hug. They drive home where Kevin help Erin is organizing hern things before they change and watch a movie together. The next day, they goed out for to have breakfast at the diner. They have thought about a-getting , French toast, or cereal... but might couldn't make up theirn minds eggs. Finally, Kevin had asked the worker for to bring out pancakes for the of them for to share. They have had a real fun time together, visiting the beach, watching movies, and even visiting New York City like they had done planned. In the morning, they have gone for to see the Empire State building. In the afternoon, it is the Statue of Liberty and Central Park that they seed. At night, they go to have their dinner and go back to their hotel. As Erin's trip was a-ending, Erin become real sad about a-leaving Kevin. They talk and come up with a plan for the months ahead make Erin is feeling a lot better. Erin then gone home and waited for Kyle for to come for to see her.
One sunny day, Lisa and Jane go to the park for to play. Lisa was a-eating her sandwich and seed Jane was a-swinging with Josh. Josh and Jane were friends for 3 years and love play together with Lisa. Lisa then make Jane and Josh a sandwich and call them both over for to eat. Josh had grabbed and have taken a bite one. Jane didn't eat hern , she only eated the chips sandwich. Lisa ask if they want to go are playing on the slide and they all did. Josh go down the slide first. Jane had been scared because the slide had been too high up. Josh tell that if Lisa might can go the slide Jane, she might can too. They both watch Lisa to go down the slide with no problem. Jane had gone up the and have closed her eyes slide. When she open them, she was at the bottom of the slide. Jane had done and so Lisa and Josh was cheering her it! Jane was very happy that she go down the slide. Since Jane had gone down the slide, it is a cupcake that everyone had had.
(CNN)As art, films stills are often a-overlooked. The photographers are tending be anonymous; it's easy imagine theirn work done by the director or cinematographer. Their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery: Whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business, it's just another form of salesmanship. Which is why the work of Ernst Haas is so striking. Haas, one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative which had been famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962 -- have been also a regular on movie sets. It was a necessity in them early days, say John Jacob, the editor of a new book of Haas' movie photographys, "Ernst Haas: On Set." "A-Working on film sets have been real important to Magnum, and all of the photographers a-working with Magnum in the '50s had done films," is saying Jacob, now the McEvoy Family Curator for Photography at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Not only did the work pay off financially, but the photographers also have established relationships with members of the industry, he had said. And the stars and directors have known what-all they was a-getting: some of the best in the field. Photographers such as Haas was a-entrusted to bring theirn talents and style to the works. The photographers "are definitely a-producing work for posterity, that very much has theirn own fingerprint on it," Jacob say. Such distinction is obvious from a-looking at Haas' work -- some of which is as famous as the movies work on.
CHAPTER XXV WINNING THE CONTESTS Powell was again the first to throw the hammer and this time it went two feet beyond his first mark. "Good for y'all, Songbird!" say Tom. "I wish y'all had made it a yard." Jackson come up with a a-scowling face. He had done his best, but this here time had fallen behind Powell by four inch. "Y'all might ought to done stuck to the other hammer, Jackson," had laughed the youth which had composed songs. "Don't y'all throw that up to me!" have whispered Jackson fiercely. "If y'all do I'll hammer y'all for it." "Is that meant for a pun, Jackson?" "No, it ain't. I might won't stand being slurred. I'll pound me y'all good." "With the hammer?" "No, with my fists." "Real? Well, y'all might will gotta spell able first." Tom come next, as before, and now the hammer fly out four feet and nine inches beyond his first mark. "That is showing what-all the other hammer might can do," say Major Larry. Larson was as much out of sorts as Jackson, but nevertheless he resolve for to do hisn best for to win the contest. Up go the hammer with a might mighty and circle the air swing. But the throw was behind that of Tom by fourteen inches. "Hurrah! Tom Rover is winning!" was the cry, and many rush forward to congratulate , while Larson and Jackson retire as quick as they might could and great disgust him. The next contest had been a dash of two hundred yards and have been won by a boy named Bird. "He's a bird!" singed out loud, and so this Tom the crowd laughed heartily.
CHAPTER XXIX Have you seen but a bright lily grow, Before rude hands have touched it? Have you marked but the fall of the snow, Before the soil hath smutched it?--BEN JONSON At the end of a week Mervyn made his appearance in a vehement hurry. Cecily's next sister, an officer's wife, was a-coming home with two little children, for a farewell visit before a-going to the Cape, and so Maria and Bertha might must make way for her. So he had wanted to take Phoebe home those afternoons to get the Underwood ready for them. ' Mervyn, how might can I go? I ain't nearly ready me.' 'What-all might can y'all have a-been a-doing then?' he exclaim, with something of hisn old tempers. 'This house were in such a state.' 'Well, y'all was not wanted to nurse the sick man, was y'all? I think y'all was one was for to be a-trusted. What-all more is there to do?' Phoebe looked at her list of commissions, and finded herself a-convicted. Them patterns might ought to done been sent back two day since. What-all had she been about? Listening to Mr. Randolf's explanations of the _Hiawatha_ scenery! Why ain't she written no note about that hideous hearth-rug? Because Mr. Randolf was a-looking over Stowe's _ London Survey_. Methodical Phoebe feel herself in disgrace, and so yet, somehow, she might could ain't sorry enough; she want a reprieve from exile at Hiltonbury, alone and away from all was a-going on. At least she should hear whether _Macbeth_, at the Princess's Theatre, fulfilled Mr. Randolf's conceptions of it; and if Mr. Currie approved his grand map of the Newcastle district, with the little trees that she had taught him to draw.
The Board Meeting done came to an end. Bob start stand up and knock into the table, a-spilling hisn coffee over hisn notes. "How embarrassing! I am getting so clumsy in my old age." Everyone had had a good laugh, and so soon we was all telling stories of our most embarrassing moments. It come around to Frank, which sat quietly listening to the others. Someone say, "Come on, Frank. Are Telling us yourn most embarrassing moment." Frank had laughed and have begun for to tell us of his childhoods. "I grow up in San Pedro. Myn Dad had been a fisherman, and he had loved the sea. He had hisn own boat, but it was hard making a living on the sea. He work hard and would stay out until he catch enough feed the family. Not just enough for ourn family, but also for hisn Mom and Dad and the other kids that was still at home." He look at us and say, "I am wishing y'all might could done a-met my Dad. He was a big man, and he was strong from pulling the nets and fighting the seas for hisn catch. When y'all get close to him, he smell like the ocean. It is his old canvas , foul - weather coat and his bibbed overalls that he would wear . His rain hat might would be pulled down over his brow. No matter how much myn mother wash them, they would still smell of the sea and of fish." Frank's voice done dropped a bit. "When the weather had been bad he might would drive us to school. He had this here old truck that use in hisn fishing business. That there truck had been older than what he had been. It would wheeze and rattle down the road. Y'all could hear it a-coming for blocks. As he might would drive toward the school, I might would shrink down into the seat hoping for to disappear. Half the time, he might would slam to a stop and the old truck might would belch a cloud of smoke. He might would pull right up in front, and it seem like everybody might would be a-standing around and a-watching. Then he might would lean over and are giving me a big kiss on the cheek and are telling me be a good boy. It had been so embarrassing for me. Here, I have been twelve years old, and myn Dad would lean over and are kissing me goodbye!" He had paused and then have gone on, "I am remembering the have decided I have been too old a goodbye kiss day. When we get to the school and come to a stop, he had hisn usual big smile. He had started to lean toward me, but I have put my hand up and have said, "No, Dad." It was the first time done ever a-talked to him that there way, and he had this here surprised look on his face. I have said, "Dad, I'm too old for a goodbye kiss. I'm too old for any kind of kiss." My Dad look at me for the most longest time, and his eyes start to tear up. Then he turn and look out of the windshield. "Y'all're right," he had said. " Y'all are a big boy....a man. I might won't kiss y'all anymore." Frank getted a funny look on his face, and the tears beginned for to well up in his eyes, as he speaked. "It ain't long after that when myn Dad goed to sea and never comed back. It was a day when most of the fleet stay in, but not Dad. He had a big family for to feed. They have found hisn boat adrift with itsn nets half in and half out. He must have done got into a strong wind and was a-trying for to save the nets and the floats." I look at and see that tears was a-running hisn cheeks Frank. Frank speak again. "Guys, y'all aren't knowing what-all I might would give have my Dad is giving us just one more kiss on the cheek... feel his rough old face... smell the ocean on him... feel his arm around my neck. _. If I had ain't a man, I might would done told my Dad I was too old for a goodbye kiss."
Register in person, by phone 264-8833, or by mails. Use form given. 178 IN Winchester St., Chicago Basic Photography This is an eight-hour course for is wanting to learn how to use a 35mm camera beginners. The teacher finna cover such areas as kinds of film, light and lenses. Bring your own 35mm camera to class. Course charge: $50.Jan. 10,12,17,19, Tues & Thurs. 6:00-8:00 pm. Marianne Adams is a professional photographer whose are appearing in many magazines. Understanding Computers This twelve-hour course is for people who do not know much about computers, but need to learn about them. Y'all is fixin to learn what-all does computers be, what-all did they can and can't do, and how to use them. Course charge: $75. Equipments charge: $10. Jan.14, 21, 28, Sats. 7:00-10:30pm. Joseph Saimders is Professor of Computer New Urban University Science. He has over twelve year of experience in the computer field. Stop Smoking Do you want to stop smoking? Have done y'all already tried to stop and failed? Now it's the time to stop smoking using the latest methods. Y'all can stop , and so this here twelve-hours course finna help y'all do it smoking. Course charge: $30. Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25, Wedns. 4:00-7:00pm. Dr John Goode is a a-practicing psychologist helped hundreds of people are stopping a-smoking. Typing This course on week-days is for those who want to learn to type, as well as those who want to improve their typing. Y'all are tested in the first clases and practices at one of eight different skill level. This are allowing y'all to learn at yourn own speed. Each program lasts 20 hour. Are Bringing your own papers. Course charge: $125. Material charge: $25. Two hour each evenings for two week. New classes are beginning every two weeks. This course is taught by a number of busineses education teachers which successfully taught a-typing courses before. Oils a-painting Oils paint is easy to use once y'all are learning the basics. When y'all are enrolling at this here oil painting course, y'all finna learn to draw and are learning to paint using many oil painting techniques under complete guidance and instruction. Together with the teacher's knowledge and yourn passion-we'll is unlocking yourn creativity and are developing yourn potential! Course charge: $35. Jan. 5, 12, 19, 26, Thurs. 2:00-5:00 pm. Ralf Ericssion done taught beginners to masters and so he done learned that everything is building on just a few basic concepts that he finna show y'all here. Singing This course shows you how to deliver an accomplished vocal performance on stage and in the studio. Are Developing yourn vocal talents with professional warm-up routines and are learning vocal techniques to gain confidence in yourn performances. Y'all'll learn for to perform classic songs before exploring yourn own songwriting ideas with a tutor. And finally y'all might will get the chance record in a professional studio. Singing tuition might may be in or one--one groups. We have Choral singing, Gospel singing, Folk singing and many other styles of song. All styles are welcome and no previous experience is required. Please read on for course and reviews our students contents. Course charge: $90. Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19, Tues. & Thurs. 5:30-8:30pm. Peter Syrus is a Grammy award winning tutor.
London (CNN) -- Janet Jackson is a-opening up for the first times about a duet with hern brother that she's a-reviving two year after hisn deaths. Jackson take to the stage in London on Thursday and perform theirn 1995 song Scream as video of Michael Jackson play and so hisn voice fill Royal Albert Hall. The reworked duet is following in the footsteps of jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole and hisn daughter, Natalie Cole. In 1991 she turn hern father's famous 1961 recording "Unforgettable" into a father-daughter duet. Janet Jackson say she did the original duet at the request of hern brother years ago. "I have been on the Rhythm Nation tour and Mike actually had asked me to do a song with him and so I have told him no. I amn't wanting to do it. I feeled I ain't a-come into my own and I ain't fully a-made no name for my own self ... and I amn't wanting to ride anyone's coattails," she said. "And I am remembering being in the Janet Tour a few good years later and he had asked me again if I might would do a song with him. And I feel, at that there point, I might would carved my own little niche in this here world of music and so I feel okay, I might can do this now and that's how it come about." Jackson say that a-performing the hern brother song again ain't difficult. "It is feeling great -- just listening to and hearing his voice," she say, adding that on stage she is finding herself, "remembering the experience of recording it."
One day Mary take a walk to the park. The park was very close to hern houses. One her way to the park she pass her friend Kim's houses. Mary had stopped by and have asked if Kim had wanted to play. Kim had said yes. Mary and Kim walk together to the park. John's house had been three houses down. Mary and Kim stop by to ask John if he want to play at the park. John had said no. He had been afraid of a-being a-chased by a squirrel. Mary had worried that John didn't like her, but John had thought she had been a good friend. So Mary and Kim go to the park for to play. It is the park that they love. They love the flowers, and the swings! Soon it was dinnertime and the girls goed home. What-all a lovely day at the park.
Strabo (; "Strabōn"; 64 or 63 BC) had been a Greek geographer, philosopher, and historian which had lived in Asia Minor during the transitional period of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. Strabo was born to an affluent family from Amaseia in Pontus (modern Amasya, Turkey), a city that say was situated the approximate equivalent of 75 km from the Black Sea. Pontus done recently fallen to the Roman Republic, and although politically he was a proponent of Roman imperialism, Strabo belong on hisn mother's side to a prominent family what's done held important positions under the previous a-resisting regime of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. Strabo's life was characterized by extensive travels. He journey to Egypt and Kush, as far west as coastal Tuscany and as far south as Ethiopia in addition to his travels in Asia Minor and the time he spend in Rome. Are Traveling throughout the Mediterranean and Near East, especially for scholarly purposes, was popular during this era and was facilitated by the relative peaces enjoyed throughout the reign of Augustus (27 BC – AD 14). He had moved to Rome in 44 BC, and have stayed there, studying and writing, until at least 31 BC. In 29 BC, on hisn way to Corinth (where was at the times), he visit the island of Gyaros in the Aegean Sea. Around 25 BC, he sail up the Nile until a-reaching Philae, after which point there is little record of his proceedings until AD 17.
Thelma was such a life-a-loving and easy-a-going person that she was always full of energy and never feel sad. When she was at the age of 75, her husband pass away. Her children was afraid she was lonely and suggest that she move to a "Senior living community ". Thelma think that was a good idea and decide do so. Shortly after moving in, Thelma become many activities' director. She love organize all kinds of things for the people in the community. So quick she become very popular and made many friends. When Thelma turn 80, her new friends show their appreciation by a-throwing a surprise birthday party for her. When Thelma entered the dining room for dinner that night, she was greeted by a a-standing ovation and one of _ leaded her to the head table. The night have been filled with laughter and entertainment, but throughout no evening, Thelma might could not take hern eyes off no gentleman sitting at the other end of the table. When the party end, Thelma quick rise from her seat and rush over to the man "Pardon me," Thelma say, "Please to forgive me if I make y'all to feel uncomfortable by _ at y'all all nights. I just might couldn't help from a-looking yourn way myself. Y'all are seeing, y'all are looking just like myn fifth husband." "Yourn fifth husband!" reply the gentleman. "Are Forgiving us for asking, but still how many times have done y'all a-been a-married? " With that, a smile had appeared on Thelma's face as she had replied, "Four." They was married shortly after that.
Fox was hungry. He had been very hungry because he ain't eaten in 3 day. Bird fly to Fox's home and talk to him. Bird ask Fox why he done not ate in so long. Fox say it was too cold outside. Bird say "But y'all have such nice, thick fur!" \tabFox say, "Well I am really too lazy." Bird said he might would bring Fox any food seed when he was flying around and leaved. \tabBird had flown to other side of the forest to visit Tiger, but still he did not see no food on no way. Tiger was reading a book about cooking. "Hmm, there is so many delicious foods not tried yet." Bird had arrived at Tiger's den and have said "Hello Tiger, what y'all a-doing?" Tiger say "I am a-tryna think of what-all to have for dinner." can y'all choose?" ask Bird \tab"How. \tab"Why don't we pick a color and eat something that is that color" said Tiger. \tab"How about red?" say Bird. \tab"Yes! Like a fox!" had said Tiger. \tab"I know where a fox is!" said Bird, "I'll show you." So It is Bird all the way across the forest that tiger had followed. Finally they arrive outside Fox's home. "Are Pretending y'all are asleep and are waiting right here", say Bird to Tiger. Bird then fly in to Fox's home very happy. "Fox, I found a big yummy treat for y'all and y'all might won't ever ai hungry again! Are Following me outside." Fox follow outside and say "WOW Bird! A whole tiger! Yum!" Then Tiger jump up and gobble up Fox in one bite. Fox was now inside Tiger's belly and he yell out "Bird, y'all lie to me! Why?!" \tab"Because you ate my sister!" yelled Bird. \tab"That ain't me, it had been Snake!" have cried Fox. \tab"Oh. Um, sorry Fox. Well at least y'all don't ai hunt for food now" say Bird. Tiger laugh so hard that he cough up Fox. Then they all go and get ices cream.
(CNN) -- It is plenty of country songs about how be a man. One way is to face the music, and two country crooners have done that on Thursday. Ty Herndon and Billy Gilman come out as being gay. Herdon go first, in interviews with People Magazine and Entertainment Tonight. Hisn revelation inspire Gilman to do go public as well. Gilman post a message to YouTube, thanking Herndon for breaking the ice. He prefer telling hisn fans straight, from the comfort of home, to sitting down with the press, he say. But an encounter with a journalist also prod him spill the beans before someone else did. The reporter bump into Gilman in a public place and snap a photo of him -- with hisn partner. "It had been in that moment that I have known that I might would rather it be from me than y'all reading it somewhere else," Gilman had told fans. He also fear a-being ripped over his sexuality in an article. Country and LGBTQ In the genre of country, Thursday's tune was a tough one to sing, Gilman said. "A-Being a gay, male country artist ain't the best thing." At age 26, he's had a long career, having rocketed up the charts at age 11 with his then silky, pre-voice-change alto pipes, according to his biography on AllMusic.com. But currently, it is snags that he's hitting. Rumors about his sexual orientation have been a-going around, he say, and so he is thinking major music labels may done thumbed their noses at him over it.
Leeds is a city in West Yorkshire, England. Historically in Yorkshire's West Riding, the history of Leeds can be traced to the 5th century, when the name refer to a wooded area of the Kingdom of Elmet. The name has a-been a-applied to many administrative entities over the centuries. It change from being the name of a small manorial borough in the 13th century, through several incarnations, to being the name a-attached to the present metropolitan borough. In the 17th and 18th centuries Leeds become a major centre for the production and trading of wool. During the Industrial , Leeds develop a major mill town Revolution; wool was the dominant industry but flax, engineering, iron foundries, printing, and other industries was important. From a-being a compact market town in the valley of the River Aire in the 16th century Leeds expand and absorb the a-surrounding villages to become a populous urban centre by the mid-20th century. Leeds has a population of around 781,700 (2016) a-making it the third largest city in the United Kingdom. The city lies within the United Kingdom's fourth-most populous urban area, with a population of 2.3 million. Today, Leeds has the most diverse economy of all the UK's main employment centres and has saw the most fastest rate of private-sector jobs growth of any UK city and has the most highest ratio of public to private sector jobs of all the UK's Core Cities. Leeds has the third-most largest jobs total by local authoritys area with 480,000 in employments and self-employments at the beginning of 2015. Leeds is also ranked as a gamma world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network; and is considered the cultural, financial and commercial heart of the West Yorkshire Urban Area. Leeds is served by four universities, and has the fourth largest student population in the country and has the country's fourth largest urban economy.
Deep into the nights, the bus pulled in to a Howard Johnson's restaurant and so everybody getted off the bus except Vingo. The young people begin to wonder about , a-tryna imagine his life him. One of the girls sit beside him and introduce herself. After a long times, slow and painfully, he had begun to tell his story. He had been in prison in prefix = st1 /New Yorkfor the last four year, and now he was going home. "Well, when I was in prison I write to myn wife. I say, 'Martha, I am understanding if y'all can not stay married to me'. I said I was finna be away for a long time, and that if she might couldn't stand it , if the kids keeped asking questions, if it hurted her too much, well, she might could just forget me. Get a new young ---she's a wonderful woman---and are forgetting all me man. I tell her she didn't ai to write to me and so she didn't. Not for the three and a half years." "Last week, when I was sure freedom was a-coming through, I writed to her. I tell her that if she had a new young man, I would understand. But if she didn't, if she might would take me back, she might should let me is knowing. We use for to live in the town,Brunswick, and there's a great big oak tree just as y'all come into the town. I tell her if she might would take me back, she might should put a yellow handkerchief on the tree, and if she didn't want me, forget me, no handkerchief and I might would keep a-going on through." Soon all the others was in it. When they was 20 mile fromBrunswick, the young men take over window seats on the right side, a-waiting for the approach of the great oak tree. Vingo stop looking, tightening his face into the ex-con's mask. Then it was 10 mile, and then 5, and the bus become very quiet. Then suddenly all of the young people was up out of their seats, screaming and shouting and crying, doing small dances. All except Vingo.
Dhaka (, ; or ) is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. The name of the city was spelled as "Dacca", which was an anglicisation name until the current spelling was adopted in 1983 to match with Bengali pronunciation. Located in an eponymous district and division, it is lying along the east bank of the Buriganga River in the heart of the Bengal delta. The city is a microcosm of the entire countrys, with diverse religious and ethnic communities. Dhaka is the economic, cultural and political center of Bangladesh. It is a major financial center of South Asia. It is one of the world's most populated cities and within OIC countries, with a population of 17 million people in the Greater Dhaka Area. It is also the 4th most densely populated city in the world. At the height of itsn medieval glory, Dhaka was regarded as one of the wealthiest and prosperousest cities in the world. It serve as the capital of the Bengal province of the Mughal Empire twice (1608–39 and 1660–1704). The city's name was Jahangir Nagar ("City of Jahangir") in the 17th century. It was central to the economy of Mughal Bengal, which generate 50% of Mughal GDP. It was a cosmopolitan commercial center and the hub of the worldwide muslin and silk trades.
It is a dangerous game that stephen Colbert plays. He walks a tightrope every night, and it's amazing that he doesn't fall on a regular basis. He tells jokes about race, gender, class and people love him or hate him. Does everyone get a joke? No. But of course he does say, in persona, amazingly offensive things sometimes. Last week things go south, and so Twitter explode in calls to #CancelColbert. The offenses? A 140-character long foot-in-the-mouth that come from the Twitter feed @ColbertReport. The tweet was a joke play off of a show segment mock an attempt by the owner of the Washington Redskins to make peace with the Native American community without a-having to change the team's name. "I'm might willing to show the #Asian community care by introducing the Ching-Chong Ding-Dong Foundation for Sensitivity to Orientals or Whatever." Race, meet satire. But it isn't working. The controversial tweet, it turns out, ain't a-written by Colbert hisself, or from anyone on hisn show. But it had been a Comedy Central account that presumably had had license from the show's producers to publicize and are magnifying Colbert's voice. But instead of a-repudiating the tweet, It is further jokes about how the incident almost silenced " my message of core conservative principles mixed with youth - friendly product placement . that colbert on Monday night maked " A-Following the lead of Asian-American activist Suey Park, some have been a-demanding that "The Colbert Report" be canceled. These here words are perpetuating hateful stereotypes and are bringing up a history of very public repression and personal shame. To use them now is to call forth that there history. And in a-calling it forth, these here words are creating more racism.
A boy was a-tryna pick out what instrument that want to play. Hisn parents want him pick a good one because a-playing an instrument was very important to them. So, the boy go to a music his parents store. When he getted there he isn't knowing where to start, so the boy walked up to the front and asked the man as worked there for help. First the worker bring the a piano boy. "No way," say the boy, "that is looking way too hard!" The worker laughed at this, and then bringed out a guitar. The boy had thought that guitars have been too popular and have wanted to play something that not many other people would play it. Finally, the worker bring the boy to the drums. "That's it! That is a cool instrument that I might could really get into." However, hisn mom ain't so happy with this because she thinked that he would be too loud. The boy's dad step in and talk her into it because he know that if the boy like what-all he did, he might would do way better. Twenty year later, and the boy was the drummer in a band. It the most popular rocks band in the world.
New Jersey is a state in the Northeastern and mid-Atlantic the United States regions. It is a peninsula, a-bordered on the north and east by the state of New York; on the easts, southeasts, and south by the Atlantic Ocean; on the wests by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania; and on the southwests by the Delaware Bay and Delaware. New Jersey is the fourth-smallest state by area but the 11th- populousest and the most densely populated of the 50 U.S. state. New Jersey is lying entirely within the a-combined statistical areas of New York City and Philadelphia and is the third-wealthiest state by median household incomes as of 2016. New Jersey was inhabited by Native Americans for more than 2,800 year, with historical tribes such as the Lenape along the coast. In the early 17th century, it is the first European settlements in the state that the Dutch and the Swedes make. The English later seize control of the region, a-naming it the Province of New Jersey after the largest of the Channel Islands, Jersey, and a-granting it as a colony to Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton. New Jersey had been the site of several decisive battles during the American Revolutionary War in the 18th century.
Terry is a normal human boy enjoy footballs and a-playing with his toys. What-all is making him different is that he really is enjoying talking to hisn magical reindeer Max. One day, Terry is walking around town with Max, and so as they are passing by the nearby farm, the farmer at is owning the land is calling out to them - "Hey! Y'all, over there!" They quick are turning around, not sure if they are the ones being called to, but seeing no nearby, they are walking over the farmer one. "What-all are y'all needing, sir?" Terry asks. "I need the plants help; they're growing faster than normal. Can y'all help with the potato plants?" the farmer asks. "Sure! Let's help out, Max!" Terry happily is answering. They are ending up spending the rest of the day helping, and are paid well, both in potatoes, carrots and money, for theirn work. "That was fun!" Terry says to Max, as they head home. Max simple is nodding back, as they are hurrying back to theirn home.
A fish is living in America can live out. of waters for months at a times, similar to how animals got used to land millions of years ago, a new study shows. The Mangrove Rivulus, a kind of little fishs, are living in small pools of waters. When their a-living place dries up, they live. on the land, say Scott Taylor, a researcher in Florida. The fish might can grow as large as three inch. They are grouping together and are breathing air through theirn skin before they can find water again. The new scientific discovery comed during a trip. "We was a-travelling for fun. and so one day I done kicked over a log and so the fish comed out," Taylor telled reporters by telephone. He say he might would make hisn study on the fishs known to the publics in an American magazine early next year. In lab tests, Taylor say he find the fish can live up to 66 days out of water without eating. Some other fishs might can live out of waters for a short period of times. The walking catfish have found in Southeast Asia can stay on land for hours at a time, while lungfish had found in Australia, Africa and South America can live out of water, but only in a not active way. But no other knew fish can be out of water as long as the Mangrove Rivulus and are keeping active, a-according to Patricia Wright, a biologist at a Canadian University. More studies of the may tell how animals have changed time fish. "These animals are living in conditions similar to them millions of years ago, when animals begin to move from waters onto lands," Wright say.
A new study suggests that early exposure to germs strengthens the immune system. That is meaning letting children get a little dirty might be good for theirn healths later in life. The study involve laboratory mice. It had found that adult mice raised in a germ-free have been more likely to develop allergies environment, asthma and other autoimmune disorders. It is more than eighty disorder where cells that normally is defending the body instead are attacking tissues and organs. Richard Blumberg,which had led the study,is a professor at Harvard Medical School in Boston,Massachusetts. He says,in 1989,medical researchers which seek to explain these here diseases, first discover that the a-increasing use of antibacterial soaps and other products, real early in life, could weaken immune systems. Now, Dr. Blumberg and hisn team have what-all is the first biological evidence for to link early exposure to germs to more stronger adult immune systems. They say these exposures might could prevent the development of some autoimmune diseases. In the adult germ-free mice, they find that there inflammation in the lungs and colon was caused by so-called killer T cells. These normally is fighting infection. But they becomed overactive and targeted healthy tissue--an autoimmune condition saw in asthma and a disease called ulcerative colitis. Dr. Blumberg is saying the mice raised in a normal environment did ain't the same reaction. He is saying their immune systems done a-been "a-educated" by early exposures to germs. Rates of autoimmune disorders are rising worldwide, but mostly in more wealthier, industrialized countries. According to Dr. Blumberg, it might be high time that people was a-warned be more careful with the early use of antibiotics and the prescription from theirn doctors. Rob Dunn is a professor of ecologys and evolutionary biologys at North Carolina State University in Raleigh. He says the new study does not mean people should stop a-washing. "Are Washing yourn hands , but don't do it with antibacterial soaps. To Let yourn kids to play in a reasonable amount of dirt and get outside and get exposed to a diversity of things", says Rob Dunn.
Slate is an online magazine covers current affairs, politics, and culture in the United States from a liberal perspective. It have been a-created in 1996 by former "New Republic" editor Michael Kinsley, initially under the ownership of Microsoft as part of MSN. On December 21, 2004, it was purchased by The Washington Post Company, later rename the Graham Holdings Company. Since June 4, 2008, "Slate" done been managed by The Slate Group, an online publishing entity created by the Graham Holdings Company to develop and are managing web-only magazines. "Slate" is a-based in New York City, with an additional office in Washington, D.C. A French version "(slate.fr)" was a-launched in February 2009 by a group of four journalists, a-including Jean-Marie Colombani, Eric Leser, and economist Jacques Attali. Among them, the founders hold 50% in the publishing company, while The Slate Group holds 15%. In 2011, "slate.fr" start a separate site covering African news, "Slate Afrique", with a Paris-a-based editorial staff. In July 2014, Julia Turner had replaced David Plotz, which had been editor of "Slate" since 2008. Plotz had been the deputy editor to Jacob Weisberg, "Slate's" editor from 2002 until hisn designation as the chairman and editor-in-chief of The Slate Group. The Washington Post Company's John Alderman is "Slate"s publisher.
CHAPTER IX--GONE OVER TO THE ENEMY "Can I teach thee, my beloved? might can I teach thee?" E. B. BROWNING. Agatha come home in due time, and so Magdalen send her sister meet her at the station, where find a merry Clipstone party in the waggonette a-waiting for Gillian, was come home at the same time. It was so much discussion of the new golf ground, that Vera had hardly a hand or a glance for to bestow on Mr. Delrio, at jump out of the same train, shake hands with Agatha, and bestir himself in a-finding hern luggage and a-calling a cab. "How he is improved! What-all a pleasing, gentlemanly fellow he is looking!" she exclaim, as she wave her thanks, while a-driving off in the cab. " ain't he ?" say Paula, while Vera bridle and blush. "Y'all is fixin to be delighted with hisn work. It is anything more lovely than little St. Cyriac the martyr . that i never have seen " "He is taken from Mrs. Henderson's little boy," had added Vera; "such a dear little darling." "And hisn mother is be did; indeed, he sketched St. Juliet her." "Flapsy! St. Romeo, too, I suppose?" "Nonsense, Nag! There really have been a St. Juliet or Julitta, and she had been hisn mother, and they both have been martyrs. I finna tell y'all all the ," begin Paula history; but still Agatha interpose. "Y'all must like having him down here. Sister must be much pleased with him. She use like old Mr. Delrio." "Well, we ain't said much about him," owned Paula. "He is not seeming to wish it, or are expecting to be in with swells."
(CNN) -- A man at lose both legs in the Boston Marathon attack is engaged to the woman he was a-waiting for at the finish line. Jeff Bauman, 28, is also expected a child this here summer with fiancee Erin Hurley, 27, a-according to an announcement on his foundation's Facebook page: "We are so happy to share with y'all exciting news done happened over the last few months... Jeff and Erin become engaged and are expecting theirn first child in the summer!!! Congratulations Jeff and Erin!!" The posting did not reveal a due date for the child or a wedding date. Bauman is credited with helping investigators are identifying the suspects in the April 15, 2013, double bombing. The image of the maimed Bauman being led to safety by a man in a cowboy hat become one of the most memorable images of the Boston Marathon terrorist attack kill three and injured more than 260 person. A day after he wake up from two life-a-saving surgeries with no legs, he muster the strength describe bombing are suspecting Tamerlan Tsarnaev to law enforcement. Tsarnaev's younger brother, Dzhokhar, has done pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charge relate the bombings, including murders. Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a-killed when hisn brother run over him as police was a-trying handcuff him in a chase a few days later, authorities say. Bauman announce in September that he might will publish a memoir -- titled "More Stronger" -- about hisn experiences at and since the marathon. "The past months have often a-been difficult, but the support I've a-received from around the world, and especially from the people of Boston, has done a-inspired me to set and achieve high goals," he say in a statement a-released by Grand Central Publishing last year.
Princess Ellen wanted nothing more than to be a singer when she growed up. She had a beautiful voice and everyone which hear it say she was the most best singer in the lands. But hern uncle believe singing would keep her from hern job as princess, so he find a witch and pay her for to steal Princess Ellen's voice. The witch made a spell which given Ellen the witch's voice. The spell also given Ellen's the witch voice. The witch go on become famous as a singer, and Ellen grow up be Queen. One day Queen Ellen heared of a singer was the best in the land. She go to hear this here singer, and was surprised to hear her own voice a-coming from the woman on stage. When the show was over, Ellen find the and give her a penny singer. Ellen had told the singer, "Y'all have a magical voice". The witch was so touched by Ellen's kindneses, that she gived Ellen her voice back.
Once upon a time, there was a squirrel named Joey. Joey love to go outside and play with his cousin Jimmy. It is silly games together , and were always laughing that joey and Jimmy play . One day, Joey and Jimmy wented a-swimming together at their Aunt Julie's pond. Joey wake up early in the morning to eat some food before they leave. He might couldn't find anything for to eat except for pie! Usually, It is cereal , fruit ( a pear ) , or oatmeal for breakfast that joey might would eat . After he eat, he and Jimmy go to the pond. On their way there it is their friend Jack Rabbit that they seed. They dive into the water and swam for several hours. The sun was out, but the breeze was cold. Joey and Jimmy get out of the waters and start walking home. Theirn fur was wet, and the breeze chill them. When they get home, they dry off, and so Jimmy put on his favorite purple shirt. Joey had put on a blue red and green dots shirt. The two squirrel have eaten some food that Joey's , Jasmine, had made and have gone off to bed.
George Washington Carver show that plant life was more than just foods for animals and humans. Carver's first step had been to analyze plant parts to find out what-all they have been made of. He then combine these here more simpler isolated substances with other substances to create new products. The branch of chemistry studies and finds ways for to use raw materials from farm products to make industrial products is a-called chemurgy. Carver had been one of the first and greatest chemurgists of all times. Today the science of chemurgy is better knew as the science of synthetics. Each day people depend on and use synthetics a-made from raw materials. All hisn life Carver had battled against the disposal of waste materials, and have warned of the growing need develop substitutes for the natural substances being a-used up by humans. Carver never care about a-getting the new products credit create. He never try patent hisn discoveries or get wealthy from them. It is down many offers to leave Tuskegee Institute to become a scientist in private industry that he turn. Thomas Edison, inventor of the electric light, had offered him a laboratory in Detroit to carry out food research. When the United States government make him a collaborator in the Mycology and Plant Disease Survey of the Department of Agriculture, he accept the position with the understanding that he might wouldn't leave Tuskegee. An authority on plant disease--especially of the fungus variety--Carver send hundreds of specimens to the United States Department of Agriculture. At the peak of his career, Carver's fames and influence were knew on every continent.
When I was young, I wented a-looking for gold in California. I never have found enough for to make a rich strike. But I am discovering a beautiful part of the country called me Stanislau. Like Heaven on Earth, it had bright green hills and deep forests where soft touch the trees. By the times I arrive, the charming paradise done been deserted because miners' good lucks didn't last. Then, I realize I ain't alone after all. A man was smiling at me as he stand in front of his little house. Itsn front yard was full of blue and yellow flowers. White curtains hang from the windows and floated in the soft summer wind. Still smiling, the man had invited us inside. Myn spirit seem to come to life again. I see a bright rug on the a-shining wooden floor. And on little there was seashells, books and china are vasing full flowers tables. It is this house into a home that a woman had done a-made. The joy in myn heart show on myn face. The man readed myn thoughts. "All her work." He say affectionately, "Nothing here n't felt no touch of hern hand." One picture on the wall ain't hanging straight. He go to fix it. He step back several times make sure the picture was straight. Then he give it a gentle touch. "She always does that," he had explained, "It is like the finishing pat a mother is giving her child's hair after she brushed it. I amn't knowing why Does I do it. I just do it." As he talk, I go to a little black-walnut shelf that hold a small picture of the most beautiful creature I had ever saw. It was a sweetness and softness in the woman's expression. The man stare at the picture. "Nineteen her last birthday. That was the day we marry. When y'all are seeing her...ah, just are waiting until y'all are meeting her!" "Where is she now?" I ask. "Oh, she is away a-visiting her parents. This is Wednesday," he say slow. "She is fixin to be back on Saturday, in the evening." That there night, I stay. The man had told us his name had been Henry. Thursday evening we done had two visitor, Tom and Joe. "We just drop over ask when is little madam a-coming home. Any news from her?" "Oh yes," the man had replied. "A letter." He take a yellowed letter out of hisn wallet and are reading it. It had been full of a-loving messages. While reading, he glimpse his and cry out, "Oh no, y'all doing it friends again, Tom! Take yourn away and let me see yourn eyes hands. I'm finna tell her this time!" "No, y'all might mustn't do that, Henry," the grey-haired miner say. "I am getting me old. And any little sorrow makes me to cry. Lord, it is her so . that we miss " Saturday finally come. I was glad to see his two friend, Tom and Joe, with guitars, coming down the road as the sun begin to set. They put the flowers they brought in vases and begun to play some fast and lively songs. Henry's friends keep a-giving him whiskey glasses. When I have reached for one of the two a-remaining glasses, It is my arm that tom had stopped. "Drop that! Are Taking the other." he had whispered. I have done so. Henry was served last. He had done hardly a-swallowed hisn drink when the clock strike midnight. Hisn face grow paler and paler. "Boys," he say, "I am sick with fear. Are Helping! I am wanting for to lie down." Henry was asleep almost before the words was out of hisn mouth. In a moment, those there handy men had hisn clothes off and tuck him into hisn bed. They seem to be getting ready to leave. So I have said, "Please aren't going, gentlemen. She might won't know us. I am a stranger." They glance at each other. Then It is , " She that joe say? Poor thing, she's been dead nineteen year!" "Dead?" I whisper. "That or worse." he say. "She gone to see her folks half a year after she gotted married. On her way back, on a Saturday evening in June, when she was almost here, the Indians capture her. She's ain't heard of since. Henry _. He is thinking she is still alive. When June comes, he thinks she done gone on her trip for to see her parents. Then he is beginning to wait for her to come back. We are dropping in here, three day before she's due, to encourage him up and are listening to him are reading the letter. On Saturday we all are coming and get everything ready for a dance. We did nineteen years it. The first Saturday there was twenty-seven of us, but only two now. We drug for to sleep the night him. Then he's all right for another year." The two old man open the door and disappear into the darkness of Stanislau.
CHAPTER XXXVI THE CHARLATAN UNMASKED There seemed for the next few minutes to be a somewhat singular abstention from any desire to interfere with the two people who stood in the centre of the little group, hand-in-hand. Saton, after his first speech, and after Lois had done gave him her hands, had done turned a little defiantly toward Rochester, which remain, however, unmoved, his elbow a-resting upon the broad mantelpiece, his face almost expressionless. Vandermere, too, stand on one side and hold hisn peace, though the effort with which he did so was a visible one. Lady Mary look anxiously towards them. Pauline done shrank back, as though something in the situation had terrified her. Even Saton hisself feeled that it was the silence before the storm. The courage which he had done summoned up to meet a storm of disapproval, begun to ebb slow away in the face of this here unnatural silence. It was clear that the onus of further speechs was to rest with him. Still retaining Lois' , he turn Rochester hand. "Y'all have done forbade me to enter yourn houses, or to hold any communications with yourn ward until she were of ages, Mr. Rochester," he say. "One of yourn conditions obeyed. With regard to the other, I did as I think fit. However, to-day she is hern own mistress. She has done consented for to be my wife. I do not need for to ask for yourn consent or approval. If y'all ain't willing that she should be a-married from yourn roof, I can take her at once to the Comtesse, is prepared receive her."
Andrew wait for hisn granddaddy for to show up. They was a-going a-fishing. Hisn mom had done packed them a lunch. It is Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches that she done made. She also had packed a nice cool water bottle for to drink. Andrew had done a-wanted something else for lunch. He want chicken or cold cuts or leave over meat loaf, but still his mom send Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches. The best way for to get to the river was along the path. When the path end, they gotta go through the the river bushes. On some they might would think about going another way days. They could go over the bridge, or through the back of the house or through Uncle Tom's yard. Today it is the path to the river that they done took. Andrew had found some animal poop along the path. He ask hisn Grandpa what-all kind of animal poop he done found. He had wanted to know if it had been a lion, a tiger or a bear had done a-made the poop. Grandpa point in the bushes. Andrew had seen a small black and white animal looking at big eyes him. Andrew know that he had was a-looking at a raccoon. He had been sure that the raccoon done a-made the poop. When Andrew and Grandpa get to the river they put their fishing poles into the waters. Andrew catched hisn first fish right away. It is a second fish before lunch that he catch. He get hungry and had his Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich and cool water. He see that Grandpa done fell asleep. After a-eating his lunch, Andrew catch three more fish before he wake up his grandpa. When Andrew and Grandpa getted back home they gived all the fish done a-caught to Andrew's mother, so she might could make a good dinner.
CHAPTER XXIII A SLIDE DOWN THE MOUNTAIN SIDE "My gracious, Dick! It is some now ! that it sure is snowing " "Yes, and it getting colder every minute." "If we don't get out of the mountains putty quick we'll be snowed in," come from Jack Wumble. "Are y'all calkerlating to git back to afore winter sot Dawson in?" inquire Ike Furner, curiously. "Why of course!" cry Sam. "I amn't seeing how y'all goin' to make it." "Oh, we must get back," say Dick. "If only we could find ," he add, a sigh Tom. It were fully an hours after they done left the campfire at the entrance to the cave of the mountain. They had a-walked to the chasm where think Tom might have a-had a tumble and cross and recross it several times. But it is no traces of the missing Rover boy that they had done found. "If only we know whether he go down in that there !" say Sam, at least the tenth time opening. "Dick, are y'all supposing we might can climb down into it?" "Not without a rope, Sam. The sides are too steep and slippery." Time and again they call down. But no answer come back. If Tom had been down there he had been either unconscious or dead. And now it had done began to snow harder than ever. The airs were so full of the white flakes that they might could not see ten feet in any directions. It had been a typical Alaskan snowstorm. There was a sweep to the wind find the very marrow of their bones.
CHAPTER X After nearly a year's captivity, the King engage pay a ransom, and, until the terms could be arranged, hisn two sons was be placed as hostages in the hands of the Normans, whilst he return to hisn own domains. The Princes was to be a-sent to Bayeux; whither Richard done a-returned, under the charge of the Centevilles, and was now a-allowed to ride and are walking abroad freely, provide he was a-accompanied by a guard. "I shall rejoice to have Carloman, and are making him happy," say Richard; "but still I am wishing Lothaire ain't a-coming." "Perhaps," say good Father Lucas, "he is coming that y'all might may have a first trial in yourn father's last lesson, and Abbot Martin's, and are returning good for evil." The Duke's cheek flush, and so he make no answer. He and Alberic betook their own self to the watch-tower, and, by and by, see a cavalcade approaching, with a curtained vehicle in the midst, slung between two horse. "That might can ain't the Princes," say Alberic; "that might must surely be some sick lady." "I only hope it ain't No Queen," had exclaimed Richard, in dismay. "But no; Lothaire is such a coward, no doubt he was afraid for to ride, and she would not trust her darling without shutting him up like a demoiselle. But are coming down, Alberic; I might will say nothing unkind of Lothaire, if I might can help me it." Richard meeted the Princes in the court, hisn sunny hair uncovered, and a-bowing with such a-becoming courtesy, that Fru Astrida pressed hern son's arm, and are bading him are saying if theirn little Duke ain't the fairest and noblest child in Christendom.
Myn name is James Brown. I have an 8-year-old daughter. Her name is Ann. Her favorite activity a-watching movies. It is movies once a week that she is watching. Movie World is in my neighborhood. And it is the most biggest movie theater in the city. It has the comfortablest seats and the best sound. She is liking a-watching movies there. Last Sunday, It is her to Movie World to watch the movie Epic that i take. Epic is a movie about a father Bomba and his 17-year-old daughter Mary. Bomba was interested in a-looking for Leaf Men. He say they live in a forest, but still no one believe him. One day , Mary was a-swept into the the Leaf Men world, and she find hern father was right. At this here early-afternoon showing, the theater had been almost full. 60% of the _ was kids aged three to ten and theirn fathers. I didn't think it ai because of the movie itself. In fact, a study had shown that dads have been 50% more likely than moms take young kids to the movies in the United States. ,.
Mrs. Smith like to deliver her pies with her big hot airs balloon. Mrs. Smith like a-baking pies of all shapes and sizes. She bake for her neighbors of all ages. She might would bake them up all on Sunday and pile them high in her balloon. Then she might would take off into the skys! It is strawberry pie that mr. Jones down the street love. He would stand on his roof and catch the pie as the balloon fly by. Mrs. Kenner like apple pie. She would run after the balloon and are catching hern pie in a big basket. Bobby and Sue was brother and sister. They love chocolates pie. They might would ride theirn bicycles to the top of a hill. It is them their pies as she floated by that mrs. Smith might would hand. Mrs. Smith might would throw peach pies down Mr. Tevo's chimney, where they might would all land in a big box. Josh had had hisn dog Rex chase after the pies for him. Rex might would jump high in the air and catch the pie like frisbee! Everyone would clap as Mrs. Smith ride by and deliver hern pies. Then they might would eat and be happy. Mrs. Smith love a-riding hern balloon and a-making hern neighbors so happy!
CHAPTER XVII THE MAN AT THE ASTOR A-Refraining from a-discussing with Master Maloney the alleged bone-headedness of girls, Smith go through into the inner room, and find John a-sitting in the editorial chair, a-glancing through the latest number of _Peaceful Moments_. "Why, John, friend of my youth," he say, "where have y'all been hiding all this time? I call y'all up at yourn office weeks ago, and so an acid voice inform us that y'all was no longer there. Have y'all been fired?" "Yes," say John. "Why ain't y'all on no _No News_ any more? Nobody seemed for to know where y'all was, till I done met this here morning, who-all told me Faraday y'all was here." Smith was conscious of an impression that in some subtle way John had done changed since theirn last meeting. For a he could ain't a-said what-all had a-given him this here impression moment. Then it flash upon him. Before, John had always been, like Mrs. Fezziwig in "The Christmas Carol," one vast substantial smile. He done beamed cheerfully on what-all to him have been evidently the most best of all possible worlds. Now, however, it might would seem that doubts done occurred to him as to the universal perfections of things. Hisn face had been graver. Hisn eyes and hisn mouth alike gived evidence of disturbing happenings. In the matter of confidences, Smith ain't a believer in spade-work. If they was offered to , he was invariably sympathetic, but he never dig them him. That John had something on his mind was obvious, but he intend to allow him, if he wish to reveal it, to select his own time for the revelation.
CHAPTER 28 The Fenian adventure furnished the distraction which Lothair required It broke that absorbing spell of sentiment which is the delicious but enervating privilege of the youthful heart; yet, when Lothair woke in the morning from his well-earned slumbers, the charm returned, and he fell at once into a reverie of Belmont, and a speculation when he might really pay his first visit there. Not to---that was clearly out the question day. They done a-separated only yesterday, and yet it seem an age, and the adventure of another world. It is moods of feeling which defy alike times and spaces. But on the morrow, Friday, he might venture for to go. But, then, would to-morrow ever a-come? It seem impossible. How have been the intervening hours for to pass? The world, however, ain't so devoid of resources as himself, and had already appropriated his whole day. And, first, Monsignore Catesby comed to breakfast with him, a-talking of every thing was agreeable or interesting, but in reality a-bent on a-securing his presence at the a-impending ecclesiastical ceremony of high import, where his was to officiate, and where the foundation was to be a-laid of the reconciliation of all churches in the bosom of the true one. Then, in the afternoon, Lothair had done been long engaged to a match of pigeon-shooting, in which pastime done excelled. It seem it was to be a most exciting sweepstakes to-day, in which the of England was to compete; Lothair among them, and for the first time.
Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, is occurring when blood is flowing are stopping to a part of the heart a-causing damage to the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomforts may travel into the shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it is in the center or leaved side of the chest and are lasting for more than a few minute. The discomfort might may occasionally feel like heartburn. Other symptoms might may include shortness of breath, nausea, feeling faint, a cold sweat, or feeling tired. It is atypical symptoms , with women more likely than men to present atypically that about 30 % of people have . Among them over 75 year old, about 5% have done a-had an MI with little or no history of symptoms. An MI might may cause heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, or cardiac arrest. Most MIs are occurring due to coronary artery disease. It is high blood pressure , smoking , diabetes , lack of exercise , obesity , high blood cholesterol , poor diet , and excessive alcohol intake , among others that risk factors include . The mechanism of an MI often is involving the complete blockage of a coronary artery a-caused by a rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque. MIs are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasms, might may be due to cocaines, significant emotional streses, and extreme cold, among others. A number of tests are useful for to help with diagnosis, a-including electrocardiograms (ECGs), blood tests, and coronary angiography. It is an ST elevation MI if ST elevation is present that an ECG may confirm. Commonly a-used blood tests include troponin and less often creatine kinase MB.
Throughout time, people have done loved music for its ability to transport them into a world of rhythm and melody. Recently more and more hospitals and clinics have been _ the power of music -not only to comfort patients, but to help cure them as well. Are Welcoming to the world of music therapy. After each of the two world war, musicians visit hospitals and play instruments for injured soldiers suffering from emotional and physical pain. Today's music therapists are continuing this here practice, a-playing instruments such as guitars and harps bring comfort to theirn audiences. Therapist Eric Mammen encourages his patients at a children's hospital for to participate with him as he plays. During visits with 13-year-old might cancer patient Lawrence Garcia, It is Garcia to beat on electric drums while he plays the guitar that mammen encourages. The therapy won't cure his cancer, but still it does, a-according to Garcia's mom, are taking away much of the boy's depression. Music therapy might can put patients in better moods and are easing the symptoms of depression a-according to the American Music Therapy Association. Other benefits are including relieving pain, calming tensions, aiding sleeps, reducing worry or fears, and easing muscle tensions. Jose Haro personally experience the benefits of music therapy when he was a-recovering from heart surgery. During hisn recovery, he play a piano whose keys light up, a-indicating which is keying for to touch for to play along with the background music. Soon he was a-playing tunes and a-noticing something strange. "I was a-searching for myn pain." He is saying of his experience, "but it was a-gone." While Haro's experience is providing an evidence of the power of music to relieve pain, scientific research proved music also are helping patients with Alzheimer's disease and arthritis. In addition, music therapy helps premature babies. Doctors are a-tapping into a powerful way to teach premature babies n't yet learnt how to suck. Doctors use a device comforts the babies by playing music when they suck on a pacifier. Soon the babies are learning to suck in returns for musics, gaining weights faster and going home earlier than them is not using no device. Even perfectly healthy people are a-discovering the power of music to calm and heal. Drum circles attract people which find streses reliefs in a-beating out rhythms. While music ain't cure-no all, it is making life a little easier.
The designer of the Apple Computer, Steve Jobs, ain't quite successful in hisn early years. He ain't among the most best students at school, and from time to time he get into trouble with either his schoolmates or his teachers. But he had been full of new ideas, which few have seen the _ of. Things remain the same when he go up to college and so he drop out halfway. Steve Jobs work first as a video game designer at Atari. He work there for only a few month and so then he set out for to tour India. He hope that the trip would give him more ideas and are giving him a change in life for the better. After he return from India, he is beginning to live on a farm in California. And then, in 1975, Steve Jobs have set about making a new types of computer. Along with hisn friend Stephen Wozniak, he design the Apple Computer in hisn bedroom and build it in hisn garage. He give the name "Apple" because it remind him of a happy summer he once on an orchard in Oregon. His Apple Computer was so successful that Steve Jobs soon become worldwide famous. But unluckily, he die of illness in 2011.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature () done been awarded annually to an author from any country has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning"). Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, here "work" is referring to an author's a whole work. The Swedish Academy decides who-all, if anyone, finna receive the prize in any gave year. The academy is announcing the name of the a-chosen laureate in early October. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Although the Nobel Prize in Literature has done become the world's prestigiousest literature prize, the Swedish Academy has done attracted significant criticism for itsn handling of the award. Many authors as won the prize fell into obscurity, while others reject by the jury are remaining widely studied and are reading, like Ruben Darío. The prize has done "become widely seen as a political one - a peace prize in literary disguise", whose judges are prejudiced against authors with different political tastes to them. Tim Parks expressed skepticism that it is possible for "Swedish professors ... [] compar[e] a poet from Indonesia, perhaps translated into English with a novelist from Cameroon, perhaps available only in French, and another writes in Afrikaans but is published in German and Dutch...". As of 2016, 16 of the 113 recipient were of Scandinavian origin. The Academy has done often been alleged to be biased towards , and particular Swedish European, authors. Some, such as Indian academic Sabaree Mitra, noted that, though the Nobel Prize in Literature is significant and are tending to overshadow other awards, it ain't " the only benchmark of literary excellence."
Annie was helping her little brother Max pick flowers from the garden. They have wanted for to put the flowers in a jar for to put on the kitchen table. Mother's Day was the next day and theirn mother love fresh flowers. After they pick flowers and putted them in a jar, Max ask Annie if they might could have a snacks. Annie take Max into the kitchen and get out an apple to slice up. They sat down at the table a-looking at the flowers and eaten theirn apple slices. There was a window in the kitchen that let in sunlight. "Hey!" Max say, a-pointing at one of the roses in the jar. "There's something a-moving on that rise." Annie look more close at the flowers. "It's a ladybug," she say. "We are needing take it back outside." Suddenly the ladybug begin flying around the kitchen. Max jump up and run around trying for to catch it. At last he had clapped hisn hands around it. "Careful!" say Annie. Max had walked outside and let the ladybug go.
(CNN) -- A high-speed car accident in Florida has done left the teenage son of wrestling star Hulk Hogan seriously have injured and a companion in critical condition late Sunday, police had said. TV footage is showing a person injured in Nick Hogan's car crash being treated in an ambulance. Nick Bollea, 17, was the driver of a Toyota Supra that went out of control while driving at a "high rate of speed" about 7:30 p.m. Sunday, said Wayne Shelor, a spokesman for the Clearwater police in Clearwater, Florida. The car "inexplicably leaved the roadway," jumped across a raised median and slammed into a palm tree just east of downtown, Shelor said. "It destroy the car," he say. Firefighters had for to extract Bollea and hisn passenger, whose identity ain't immediately a-released, from the wreckage. Both have been flew to a hospital in nearby St. Petersburg, Florida, Shelor had said. "They're both down there. Nick's father is down there," he say. Are Watching Hulk Hogan on the scene with the mangled car » Hulk Hogan, one of the top professional wrestlers of the 1980s and 1990s, is now featured in the VH1 reality show "Hogan Is Knowing Best." Hisn son, wife Linda and daughter Brooke regularly is appearing on the show. One episode document the son's interest in a type of high-speed car racing a-known as "a-drifting." Shelor say it was no evidence of drag racing or "a-drifting" in Sunday's wreck. Police say Bollea -- known to viewers as "Nick Hogan" -- was not as seriously hurt as hisn passenger, who was listed them as critical.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Michael Jackson had had a level of hero worship on a par with Elvis Presley or the Beatles but he had been the first black star to inspire such a massive following around the world. It is attention and was rarely disappointed that michael Jackson , the ultimate showman , crave. Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records over hisn 40-year career give just a hint of the adoration there was for the "King of Pop." The fact that his death come on the eve of a comeback tour in London finna leave his devotees a-feeling even more bereft. While hisn career -- and wealth -- done waned greatly in recent years, there have been still enough support for the concerts to sell out at a rate of nearly 40,000 an hour. Fans from as far afield as Japan, Germany and Dubai queue to buy theirn tickets. Steve Greenberg, founder and CEO of S-Curve Records, was a disc jockey in Tel Aviv, Israel, when "Thriller" first dropped and done witnessed first-hand how Jackson becomed an international icon. His was a global appeal, Greenberg say, among fans and artists worldwide. "He had been as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he had been in America and Europe," Greenberg had said. "He had had that there that universality not many have had. The Beatles had it, Muhammad Ali had it, but still not many other people done a-had it." Jackson have been a-known for far more than hisn musics though. A-Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton pay tribute to the work of a "trailblazer" in a-helping people around the world through his charities. How might will y'all remember Michael Jackson?
Pictures Isn't Lasting "YEARS ago when I was at the Grand Canyon, I are remembering someone a-coming up to the canyon's edge, a-taking a shot with theirn camera and then a-walking away, like 'gotted it - did', barely even a-glancing at the magnificent scene a-sprawling in front of them," Linda Henkel, a scientist at Fairfield University, It is Live Science that us telled. Henkel had been surprised by how obsessed people are with taking pictures these days - before dinner, during friends' birthday parties, on museum tours and so on. Y'all are knowing people just like that, don't y'all? They keep taking pictures because they think that it helps record the moment, but as Henkel's latest study done just found out, this here obsession might may prevent theirn brains from remembering what-all actually happen, report The Guardian. In her study, Henkel had led a group of college students around a museum and have asked them simply observe 15 object and photograph 15 other. The next day the students' memory of the tour was tested, and so the results show that they was less accurate in a-recognizing the objects and they remember fewer details about them if they photograph them. "When people rely on technologys to remember for them - counting on the camera to record the event and thus not a-needing to attend to it fully their own self, it might can have a negative effect on how well they remember theirn experiences," Henkel explain. But there is also an exception: if students zoom in to photograph part of an object, their memory actually improve, and so them as focus the lens on a specific area might could even recall parts that ain't in no frame. So basically, this here study a-saying that constantly a-taking pictures can harm your memory. But shouldn't a-reviewing no pictures have done took help are waking up ourn memories? This is true, but only if we are spending enough time doing it. "In order remember, we have access and are interacting with the photos, rather than just a-amassing them," It is The Telegraph that henkel telled. However, previous research showed that most people take no time for to look over theirn digital pictures simply because it is too many of them and they ain't usually very organized on theirn computers.
Super Bowl 50 had been an American football game for to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2015 season. The American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos defeated the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Carolina Panthers 24–10 to earn their third Super Bowl title. The game have been played on February 7, 2016, at Levi's Stadium in the San Francisco Bay Area at Santa Clara, California. As this was the 50th Super Bowl, the league emphasize the "golden anniversary" with various gold-themed initiatives, as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each Super Bowl game with Roman numerals (under which the game might would have done been knew as "Super Bowl L"), so that the logo might could prominently feature the Arabic numerals 50. The Panthers have finished the regular season with a 15–1 record, and quarterback Cam Newton have been named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). They defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game and advanced to their second Super Bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. The Broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record, and denied the New England Patriots a chance to defend their title from Super Bowl XLIX by defeating them 20–18 in the AFC Championship Game. They join the Patriots, Dallas Cowboys, and Pittsburgh Steelers as one of four team have done made eight appearance in the Super Bowl.
Tom and Joseph are most best friends. They spended theirn summer vacation in Africa. When they was a-walking through the desert , they have started argue about something. Tom become very angry and slap Joseph in the face. Joseph feel a-hurt, but still he didn't say Tom anything. Then Joseph write in the sands : "Today my best friend slap me in the face." They have kept on walking until they have found a small lake. They decide to have a bath. But when Joseph get in the waters, he start to sink. Tom jump in after him and pull him out. Hisn friend save hisn life. After he became well again, Joseph wrote on a : "Today myn most best friend done saved myn life stone." Tom couldn't understand it. "After I have hurt y'all, y'all have written in the sands. Now y'all write on a stone. Why?" he ask. _ " Joseph answer. "But when someone does something good for us, we might must write it on stones so that no wind might can ever take it away."
For millions of years, sharks was the kings of the oceans, the top of the food chain. But these here days, the hunter became the hunted, because of more better methods from commercial fishermen who are a-looking for fins for to make expensive soup sold mostly in Asia. Shark fins are far more valuable than shark meat, so fishermen cutted the fins off live fish and are throwing the sharks overboard to maximize the catch they are bringing back. Shark a-finning is illegal in the United States, but it's tournament sport fishermen, target and kill the most biggest ones take them from the sea. These here tournaments, the prizes of which might can reach $5,000 or more, are attracting large crowds of anglers but also are drawing protests from animal rights groups and environmentalists. The competitors are saying they are enjoying a fun and legal sport, the impact on the overall shark population is very small, and most of the sharks caught are returned to the ocean. Dave Johnson, who is from Kennebunkport, Maine, say no one ever is coming close to the limit set by the government of a-killing one shark per day during the three-month season. "I enjoy a-watching these animals, but still I also enjoy a-catching and a-releasing them, and very rarely a-killing them and a-eating them," he say. "If I think a-killing one shark was a-endangering the species and a-contributing to theirn decline I'd stop a-doing it tomorrow." That is exactly what marine biologists like Luke Tipple are wanting happen. "I am believing that they should just stop it. In no fact, we aren't needing to be a-targeting, in no way, any of these here threatened populations," he had said. Up to 73 million sharks are killed annually, and many species are at risk of extinction.
CHAPTER XV For some time after the conclusion of the race, Bashti stand a-talking with his head men, Agno among them. Lenerengo was similarly engaged with several old cronies. As Jerry had lied off to one side where done forgot him, the wild-dog done bullied on the _ Arangi_ come up and sniffed at him. At first he had sniffed at a distance, ready for instant flight. Then he draw cautiously closer. Jerry had watched him with a-smouldering eyes. At the moment wild-dog's nose touch him, he utter a warning growl. Wild-dog spring back and whirl away in headlong flight for a score of yards before he learn that he ain't pursued. Again he come back cautiously, as it was the instinct in him for to stalk wild game, crouching so close to the ground that almost his belly touched it. He had lifted and have dropped hisn feet with the lithe softness of a cat, and from time to time a-glanced to right and to left as if in apprehension of some flank attack. A noisy outburst of boys' laughters in the distance cause that he should crouch suddenly down, his claws thrust into the grounds for purchase, his muscles tense springs for the leap he know not in what directions, from the danger he know not what might that threaten him. Then he identify the noise, know that no harm impend, and resume hisn stealthy advance on the Irish terrier. What-all might done a-happened there is no telling, for at that there moment Bashti's eyes a-chanced for to rest on the golden puppy for the first time since the capture of the _Arangi_. In the rush of events Bashti done forgot the puppy.
Timmy had had the best grandmother ever. She was very nice because she might would always help Timmy when he need help with his homework. She would sit down with Timmy in the kitchen and are helping him with his spelling every nights. Then she would go back to the living room and watch television when he work on hisn math. After that she might would cook Timmy a big dinner, and so they might would both eat it together before Timmy's mom and dad come to pick him up. When Timmy go home it is his grandmother to say hello that he might would sometimes call. Even when she had been sleepy she might would talk with him and are telling him a bedtime story. One time she even tell him a his grandfather story which had a-been a farmer. Timmy love this here story because he never get to meet hisn grandfather. One day he want for to be like him and be a farmer.
Sir Elton Hercules John, (bore Reginald Kenneth Dwight; 25 March 1947), is an English singer, pianist, and composer. He has done worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his a-songwriting partner since 1967; they have done collaborated on more than 30 albums to date. In his five-decade career Elton John has sold more than 300million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He has more than fifty Top 40 hit, a-including seven consecutive No. 1 US album, 58 "Billboard" Top 40 single, 27 Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. For 31 consecutive years (1970–2000) he had had at least one song in the "Billboard" Hot 100. His tribute single, a-rea--a-penned in dedication to the late Princess Diana, "Candle in the Wind 1997" sell over 33million copies worldwide and is the best-a-selling single in the history of the UK and US are singling charts. He done also composed music, produced records, and done occasionally acted in films. It is Watford Football Club from 1976 to 1987 , and 1997 to 2002 that john own . He is an honorary Life President of the club, and in 2014 had a stand a-named after him at the club's home stadium. A-Raised in the Pinner area of London, John learn for to play piano at an early age, and by 1962 had done a-formed Bluesology. John had met his songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin, in 1967, after they had done both a-answered an advert for songwriters. For two year it is songs for other artists , including Lulu , and John also worked as a session musician for artists such as the Hollies and the Scaffold that they writed . In 1969 hisn debut album, "Empty Skys", was released. In 1970 a single, "Yourn Song", from hisn second album, "Elton John", reach the top ten in the UK and the US, hisn first a-hit single. After decades of commercial chart success, John also achieved success in musical theatre, both in the West End and on Broadway, composing the music for "The Lion King" (film and musical), "Aida" and "Billy Elliot the Musical".
Harry is a boy with a a-learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was gave a pug called Millie. Two week after the dog's arrival, he was more happier and more calmer and say his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two month later, thieves steal the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he start. He refused for to talk since losing hisn best friend. Hisn mother was worried and give him another dog, but he just "push it away". Mrs Hainsworth, hisn mother, says, "Myn son is very sad. He'll go over to her cage and just are beating on the bars. It is no word coming out, but still y'all just are knowing he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie had been really hisn best friend. They might would play together happily for hours. Hasn't none of hisn ever a-held hisn attention toys that long. Now he just completely turned quiet again. "Harry is suffering from a condition which is affecting his ability to speak and are moving. But the dog's a-being with him achieved more in days than months of speechs therapy and physiotherapy had had. Mrs Hainsworth says, "Myn son was so happy when he see Millie. Being with Millie change him, and so within two weeks he had said hisn first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, me and his teachers was a-saying how much Millie done a-helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth considering buying another pug in the hope that hern son is fixin to accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, are saying she saw many cases of dogs a-helping people with speech problems. "People might may talk to a dog when they might wouldn't like talk to another human," she is saying. "A dog isn't caring if words are coming out wrong."
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island, founded in 1636 and one of the oldest cities in the United States. It was founded by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He name the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence" which he believe was responsible for a-revealing such a haven for him and hisn followers to settle. The city is situated at the mouth of the Providence River at the head of Narragansett Bay. Providence was one of the first cities in the country for to industrialize and becamed noted for its textile manufacturing and subsequent machine tool, jewelry, and silverware industries. Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning which have done a-shifted the city's economy into service industries, though it still retains some manufacturing activity. The city was once nicknamed the "Beehive of Industry"; it begun a-rebranding itself as the "Creative Capital" in 2009 to emphasize itsn educational resources and arts community. The city is located in Providence County and is the third most populous city in New England, after Boston and Worcester. Providence has a city population of 179,154; it is also part of the Providence metropolitan area is extending into southern Massachusetts. The Providence metropolitan area has an a-estimated population of 1,604,291, is exceeding that of Rhode Island as a whole by about 60%. This can be considered, in turn, to be part of the Greater Boston commuting area, is containing 7.6 million person.
Einstein's connection with the politics of the nuclear bomb is well known: He had signed the letter to President Franklin Roosevelt that had persuaded the United States to take the idea seriously, and he had engaged in postwar efforts to prevent nuclear war. But these was not just the isolated actions of a scientist drag into the world of politics. Einstein's life had been, in , "divided politics fact and equations ." Sickened by what-all he see as the waste of human lives during the First World War, he become involved in antiwar demonstrations. His support of civil disobedience did little for to endear him to his colleagues. Then, following the war, he direct hisn efforts toward reconciliation and improving international relations. And soon hisn politics was a-making it difficult for him for to visit the United , even for to give lectures States. Einstein's second great cause was Zionism. Although he was Jewish, It is the idea of God that einstein reject. However, a a-growing awareness of anti-Semitism , both before and during the War, lead him gradually to identify with the Jewish community, and later to become an outspoken supporter of Zionism. His theories come under attack. One man was a-accused of motivating others to murder Einstein and fine a mere six dollar. When a book was published entitled 100 Authors Against Einstein, he retort, "If I was wrong, then one would have been enough!" When Hitler had come to power, Einstein then in America had declared he would not return to Germany. While Nazi attack his house and confiscate his bank account, a Berlin newspaper display the headline "Good News from Einstein--He ain't Coming Back." A-Fearing that German scientists might would build a nuclear bomb, Einstein propose that the United States might should develop itsn own. But he was publicly a-warning of the dangers of nuclear war and a-proposing international control of nuclear weaponry. Throughout his life, Einstein's efforts toward peace probably have achieved little and have won him few friends. Hisn support of the Zionist cause, however, have been recognized in 1952, when he have been offered the presidency of Israel. He decline, a-saying he was too naive in politics. But perhaps hisn real reason was different:" Equations are more important to us, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity."
Liverpool () is a city in North West England, with an a-estimated population of 478,580 in 2015. With its a-surrounding areas, it is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the UK, with over 2.24 million person in 2011. The local authority is Liverpool City Council, the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of Merseyside and the largest within the Liverpool City Region. Liverpool is a-located on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary, and historically lied within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the south west of the county of Lancashire. It become a borough in and a city 1880 1207. In 1889, it had become a county borough independent of Lancashire. Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution. Along with a-handling general cargo, freight, raw materials such as coals and cottons, the city merchants was involved in the Atlantic slave trades. In the 19th century, it was a major port of departure for Irish and English emigrants to the United States. Liverpool had been home to both the Cunard and White Star Line, and have been the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS "Titanic", the RMS "Lusitania", "Queen Mary" and "Olympic".
Weather has a strong effect on people. It influence healths, intelligences and feelings. In August, it is very hot and wet in the southern part of the United States. People there easy have heart trouble and other kinds of health problems during this here month. In the Northeast and the Middle West, it is hot at some times and very cold at other times. People in those there states might will have hearts trouble after the weathers changes in February or March. The weather can also influence intelligence. For example, in a 1983 study by scientists, the IQ scores of some college students was very high during storm, but after the storm, their scores was low. Storms might can increase intelligence. Very hot weather, on the other hand, can decrease it. Students in many schools of the United States often do bad in exams in the hot months of the year(July and August). Weather also has a strong people's feeling effect. Winter might may be a bad time for thin people. They usually are feeling cold during these here months. They might feel depressed during cold weathers. In hot summer weather, on the other hand, fat people might may feel unhappy. At about 65F, people are becoming stronger. Low airs pressure makes people feel free, but it also increases forgetful- ness. People are leaving more bags and umbrellas on buses and in stores on low pressure days. It is a"perfect weather"for work and health. People feel most best at a tempera- ture of about 64F with 65 percent humidity. Are y'all a-feeling sick, sad, tired, forgetful, or very intelligent today? The weather might may be the reason.
CHAPTER VIII. STEAD IN POSSESSION. "At night returning, every labour speed, He is sitting him down, the monarch of a shed." GOLDSMITH. Another day maked it certain that the garrison of had done surrendered the besiegers Bristol. A few shots was a-heard, but still they was only a-fired in rejoicing by the Royalists, and so while Steadfast was studying hisn barley field, already a-silvered over by itsn long beards, and wondering how soon it might would be ripe, and how he might should get it a-cut and a-stacked, hisn name was a-shouted out, and he see Tom Oates and all the rest of the boys scampering down the lane. "Are Coming along, Stead Kenton, are coming on and are seeing, the Parliament soldiers are coming out and are going by." Poor Steadfast ain't much heart for watching soldiers, but still it strike him that he might see or hear something of Jephthah, so he come with the other boys to the bank, where from behind a hedge might could look it down at the ranks of soldiers as they march along, five abreast, the road ain't wide enough for to hold more. They had been allowed to keep their weapons, so the officers had their swords, and so the men carry their musquets. Most of them look dull and dispirited, and the officers had very gloomy, displeased faces. In fact, they was very angry with their commander, Colonel Fiennes, for a-having a-surrendered so easy, and he was afterwards a-brought to a court-martial for a-having a-done so. Stead is not understanding this, he think only of looking under each steel cap or tall, slouching hat for Jephthah. Several times a youthful, slender figure had raised his hopes, and have disappointed him, and he had begun to wonder whether Jeph might could have after all stayed behind in the town, or if he might could have a-been a-hurt and have been ill there.
(CNN) -- A Russian bookmaking companys are a-offering to pay 100,000 euro for Paul, the prognosticating octopus who correctly predict Spain's win in the World Cup. "100,000 euros (about $129,800) was our starting price," Oleg Zhuravsky, co-owner of Liga Stavok -- "Bet League" in Russian -- told CNN. He say the offer could be increased if need be -- "We are bookmakers, after all." Paul currently is living at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen, Germany. Zhuravsky say a representative of the center's public relations firm told him the offer has been received and "they are studying it." However, the firm, Dederichs Reinecke and Parner, say it decline the Russian offer and that Paul will ain't sold to anyone. "Seriously speaking, we are wanting the octopus for a number of purposes," Zhuravsky say. "First, see whether he might can indeed effectively forecast the the football games results. Secondly, Paul might could become a good mascot, a good symbol for my bookmaking companies. And thirdly, he has an international fame like perhaps no other animal across the world does these here days, and I might would love to be able to move him to Russia. "Both kids and adults, I'm sure, might would love see him here," he say. "We are even prepared to put him in the Moscow City Aquarium if that was the condition." He had said Paul would be gave "the best food" and officials would let him forecast the results of the Russian domestic football tournament, ", I think, is a more difficult task than predicting the World Cup," he had said. "This might would also boost the profile of the Moscow Aquarium."
Szczecin (; ; German and , known also by other alternative names) is the capital and largest city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. Located near the Baltic Sea and the German border, it is a major seaport and Poland's seventh-largest city. As of June 2011, the population was 407,811. Szczecin is located on the Oder, south of the Szczecin Lagoon and the Bay of Pomerania. The city is situated along the southwestern shore of Dąbie Lake, on both sides of the Oder and on several large islands between the western and eastern branches of the river. Szczecin is adjacent to the town of Police and is the urban centre of the Szczecin agglomeration, an extended metropolitan area includes communities in the German states of Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The city's a-recorded history begin in the 8th century as a Slavic Pomeranian stronghold, a-built at the site of the Ducal castle. In the 12th century, when Szczecin had done became one of Pomerania's main urban centres, it losed itsn independence to Piast Poland, the Duchy of Saxony, the Holy Roman Empire and Denmark. At the same times, the House of Griffins had established themself as local rulers, the population have been Christianized, and so German settlers have arrived from Western European states. The native Slavic population have been a-subjected to and Germanization the following centuries discrimination. Between 1237 and 1243, the town was a-rebuilt, grant extensive autonomy rights and eventually join the Hanseatic League.
Greece is a developed country with an economy based on the service (82.8%) and industrial sectors (13.3%). The agricultural sector contribute 3.9% of national economic outputs in 2015. Important Greek industries include tourism and shipping. With 18 million international tourist in 2013, Greece had been the 7th most visited country in the European Union and 16th in the world. The Greek Merchant Navy is the largest in the world, with Greek-owned vessels accounting for 15% of global deadweight tonnage as of 2013. The increased demand for international maritime transportation between Greece and Asia resulted in unprecedented investment in the shipping industry. The country is a significant agricultural producer within the EU. Greece have the largest economys in the Balkans and are as an important regional investor. Greece had been the largest foreign investor in Albania in 2013, the third in Bulgaria, in the top-three in Romania and Serbia and the most important trading partner and largest foreign investor in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. The Greek telecommunications company OTE has done become a strong investor in former Yugoslavia and in other Balkan countries.
CHAPTER XIV THE CURE It was noon when Harding returned to camp, ragged and exhausted, with Clarke limping after him in an even more pitiable state. The latter had suffered bad from the hurried march, but still his conductor might would brook no delay and the grim hints he had been given encourage him to the utmost exertion he was capable of. Blake was alive, but when Harding bend over him he fear that help done came too late. His skin look harsh and dry, his face done grew hollow, and his thick strong hair done turned lank and was falling out. Hisn eyes was vacant and unrecognizing when he turn them upon Harding. "Here's your patient," the American say to Clarke. "We expect y'all to cure him, and so y'all had better get to work at once." Then hisn face grow troubled as he ask Benson: "How long he were like that?" "The last two days," done said Benson. "I'm afraid he's very bad." Harding sit down with a smothered groan. Every muscle had seemed to ache, he could scarcely hold hisself upright, and hisn heart had been heavy. He would miss Blake terrible; it had been hard for to think of a-going on without him, but he had feared that this have been inevitable. He was filled with a deep pity for the helpless man, but still after a few moments hisn weary face grow stern. He had did all that was able, and now Clarke, whom-all believe be a man of high medical skill, might must do hisn part. If he was unsuccessful, it would be the worse for him.
CHAPTER I. "Nerei repandirostrum incurvicervicum pecus." A dingy, swashy, splashy afternoons in October; a schools-yard filled with a mob of riotous boys. A lot of us standing outside. Suddenly come a dull, a-crashing sound from the school-room. At the ominous interruption I shuddered involuntarily, and called to Smithsye:-- "What's up, Smithums?" "Guy's a-cleaning out the fourth form," he reply. At the same moment George de Coverly pass us, holding his nose, from whence the bright Norman blood stream redly. To him the plebeian Smithsye laughingly:-- "Cully! how's his nibs?" It is the door of the school - room open that i push . There is some spectacles which a never forgets. The burning of Troy probably seemed a large-sized conflagration to the pious Aeneas, and made an impressions on him which carried away with the feeble Anchises. In the centre of the rooms, lightly a-brandishing the piston-rod of a steam-engine, stand Guy Heavystone alone. I am saying alone, for the pile of small boys on the floor in the corner might could hardly be called company. I might will try and sketch him for the reader. Guy Heavystone had been then only fifteen. Hisn broad, deep chest, hisn sinewy and a-quivering flank, hisn straight pastern, had shown him to be a thoroughbred. Perhaps he was a trifle heavy in the fetlock, but he hold his head haughtily erect. Hisn eyes was glittering but pitiless. There was a sternness about the lower part of his face,--the old Heavystone look,--a sternness, heightened, perhaps, by the snaffle-bit which, in one of his strange freaks, he wore in his mouth to curb his occasional ferocity. His dress was well adapted to his square-set and herculean frame. A striped knit undershirt, close-fitting striped tights, and a few spangles set off hisn figure; a neat Glengarry cap had adorned hisn head. On it have been displayed the Heavystone , a cock regardant a dunghill crest or, and the motto, "Devil a more better!"
One day it was a six year old little girl a-named Megan live in a big houses with hern family. She had two dogs, a brother, a sister, and a mom and dad. Every day she wake up and go to kindergarten, a-played outside, and watch movies. Sometimes hern family might would go to a rollercoaster park. Hern mom might would always try to get her to ride the big rides but she was afraid and want to stay in Snoopyland. For two year she stay in the little kid section of the park. Hern big brother which had had to babysit her was a-getting mad because she might would not try new rides. She had cried more and more until one day she had gotten brave. She go on a little bigger musical ride that go around in circles pretty fast. She had gotten off the and have loved it ride! Hern mom had said to her, "Okay, are letting's are going on the big kid are riding now!" Megan was afraid again and cry and cried. For the rest of that summer she stayed in the little kid section and goed on little rides. The next summer it is his girlfriend home that her brother bring. Hisn girlfriend's name had been Sara and she had been older, and have loved big rides. Megan like Sara a lot and want make her like her. When Sara asked Megan if she might would ride on bigger rides she said yes, and she gone on hern first real rollercoaster, Thunderhawk. She was frightened at first but when she step off the ride she love it like she done loved the other ride last year! Now have been the real test. Sara ask Megan if she want go on the biggest ride in the park. She had been afraid but have wanted to show Sara how big she had been. At the beginning of the ride Megan have been afraid and have been fixin start a-crying when they have gone down the first big hill. Hern stomach was a-tickled and she begin a-laughing real loud. She step off the ride with a huge smile on hern face and was very proud. Megan was no longer afraid of the big rides and enjoy riding them for the rest of hern life.
Chapter VIII The House in Onslow Crescent Harry, as he walked away from the house in Bolton street, hardly knew whether he was on his heels or his head. Burton had told him not to dress--"We aren't giving dress dinner no parties, y'all are knowing. It's all in the family way with us"--and Harry, therefore, go direct from Bolton street to Onslow Crescent. But, though he had managed keep the proper course down Piccadilly, he had been in such confusions of mind that he hardly had known whither he was a-going. It seem as though a new form of life had been opened to him, and that it had been opened in such a way as almost necessarily engulf him. It ain't only that Lady Ongar's history was so terrible, and hern life so strange, but that he hisself was called upon for to form a part of that there history, and for to join hisself in some sort with that there life. This here countess, with hern wealth, hern rank, hern beautys, and hern bright intellect, had done called him to her, and telled him that he was hern only friend. Of course it is his friendship that he had done a-promised. How might could he have done failed give such a promise to one whom had done loved so well? But to what-all might must such a promise lead, or rather to what-all might must it not have done led had it ain't for Florence Burton? She had been young, free, and rich. She make no pretence of regret for the husband done a-lost, a-speaking of him as though in truth she hardly regard herself as hisn wife. And she had been the same Julia whom had done loved, had done loved him, had done jilted him, and in regret for whom had done once resolved lead a wretched, lonely life! Of course she might must expect that he might would renew it all--unless, indeed, she know of hisn engagement. But if she had known it, why ain't she spoke of it?
When Jackie Robinson had walked onto Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, New York, on April 15, 1947, he had changed baseball forever. As the first African American play in the Major League in modern times, many believe he had changed the country forever. Robinson was a-born in 1919. He had lived in a time when rules have controlled what-all Could African Americans do. He was a top athlete, playing footballs, basketballs and baseballs. But a-playing for a major League team was off limits to Robinson because of hisn race. Branch Rickey, president and manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers, signed (......) Robinson in 1947. He believe that Robinson not only had the skills, but the courages to face the challenge of becoming modern baseballs's first black player. It ain't easy. Robinson sometimes had faced fans boos. But he becomed a star, anyway. In 1962, he become the first African-American player a-chosen to enter the Baseball Hall of Fame. In 2005, he have been a-awarded a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest award Congress might can give to an American. By a-breaking baseball's color barrier , Robinson open the door for many follow his footsteps, not only in baseball, but in other areas of life as well. After he stop a-playing the game, Robinson work as a manager for a coffee company. It is a newspaper column that he writed. He also start a bank.
Claude Monet is surely one of the famousest French artists of all. Monet had been particularly interested in the effect of light and might would paint the same scene in different lighting conditions or times of the day. For example, he paint around 20 version of the Rouen Cathedral from dawn to dusk. His most famous paintings are including his Water lilies series. The paintings of Paul Cezanne had a lot of influence in the development of 20th century art, a-including Cubism and Fauvism. Cezanne is one of the most famous French artists and is knew as a "post-impressionist", which was similar in some ways to impressionism but also break away from some of itsn limitations. Famous French paintings include hisn Bathers and Mont St Victoire series. Henri Matisse was one of the most important famous French artists of the 20th century. He have been considered one of the leaders of the Fauvist movement. He had had a long and varied artistic career, a-painting in different styles a-ranging from Impressionism to Abstract. In 1941, Matisse have been diagnosed with cancer and have been forced into a wheelchair. But this didn't stop him a-completing the amazing Chapel of the Rosary in Vence. Degas is probably one of the most all the famous French artists fascinating. He is known as one of the founders of Impressionism, but his paintings was also influenced by classicism, romanticism, and realism. Hisn style is definitely very unique. He had been a prolific artist, a-producing over one thousand work. He is best a-known for hisn paintings of ballet dancers.
Y'all are a-going to high school, ain't y'all? Maybe y'all don't know what-all to do. Well, here's a list of the top six thing to do when y'all are in high school. These here things finna give y'all ideas of what-all yourn high school life could be like. Here y'all are going! 1 Find your passion and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in. 2 Talk to people y'all might wouldn't usually talk to: meet new people, find new friends and even talk to people y'all don't like. It finna show what a great person are. Y'all never are knowing what-all is fixin to happen after high schools. 3 Take part in at least one contest : This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories. 4 Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility . It might can also help y'all are making a little money for to spend on yourself. 5 Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place. 6 Do yourn best at school: Don't ever get lazy; a-working hard now will help y'all in the future.
(CNN) -- Evangelist Tony Alamo was arrested Thursday in Flagstaff, Arizona, on charges related to a child porn investigations, an FBI spokesman say. The 74-year-old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries was arrested without incident at 2:45 p.m. (4:45 p.m. ET) as he was departing the Little America Hotel with hisn wife, say Manuel Johnson, spokesman for the FBI in Phoenix, Arizona. The FBI, the Flagstaff Police Department and the Arizona Department of Public Safety was involved in the arrest, he say. Alamo was charged under a federal statute with a-having knowingly transported a minor across state lines with the intent for to engage in sexual activity, Johnson say. Alamo, whose real name is Bernie Hoffman, have been taken to Coconino County Jail in Flagstaff, where he is to have an initial appearance Friday in federal magistrate court, Johnson had said. Over the weekend, about 100 federal and state agents authority have raided Alamo's 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas, and have taken six child into temporary custody. The children was interviewed as part of a two-year investigation into Tony Alamo Christian Ministries for to determine whether they was physically or sexually abused, say Bill Sadler of the Arkansas State Police. Alamo, a-reached by phone Saturday in Los Angeles, California, had denied any wrongdoing. "It's a hoax," Alamo say. "They're just a-trying make our church to look evil ... by a-saying I'm a pornographer. A-Saying that I am raping little children. ... I love children. I amn't abusing them. Ain't. Never might will." Asked why authorities was a-searching the property, Alamo had compared hisself to Christ.
The most best afternoon ever have had with myn had been when we have gone down the river grandfather and have fished. It was a hot July day, and I was bored. Myn grandfather was sitting in the backyard, reading. "Hey, y'all look like y'all need some funs," he say. "Are Wanting to go fishing?" I said sure, and so he gone to the garage. He come out with two pole, some hooks, and some fishing line. Everything was in pieces, but he show me how to put it all together. I ask if we need worms, and he say no. Then, we setted off to the river. It was only about ten block to the river, but walking along past the library and the store, he tell me about how he use to go fishing with hisn friend Steve. They use for to catch catfish, then take them home so that their mothers might could cook them for dinner. When we get to the park at the river, myn grandfather go straight to the bank, then turn and walk up along the side of the river until we was off in the shade under the trees right at the edge of the park. There, he teach me how to throw my line in the waters. Then we sitted down wait. While we was a-fishing, my grandfather telled me lots of stories about what-all he and Steve did as kids. We didn't ain't no worms, so we catch no fish, but still a-sitting there as he tell me stories make it a great afternoon.
CHAPTER XXXVIII. MAKING them pens have been a distressid tough job, and so had been the saw; and Jim had allowed the inscription was finna be the toughest of all. That's the one which the might gotta scrabble on the wall. But he had to have it; Tom said he'd GOT to; there warn't no case of a state prisoner not scrabbling his inscription to leave behind, and his coat of arms. "Are Looking at Lady Jane Grey," he is saying; "are looking at Gilford Dudley; are looking at old Northumberland! Why, Huck, s'pose it IS considerble trouble?--what you going to do?--how you going to get around it? Jim's gotta do his inscription and coat of arms. They all do." Jim says: "Why, Mars Tom, I hain't got no coat o' arm; I hain't got nuffn but dish yer ole shirt, en you knows I got to keep de journal on dat." "Oh, y'all don't understand, Jim; a coat of arms is very different." "Well," I am saying, "Jim's right, anyway, when he is saying he ain't a-got no coat of arms, because he h ain't." "I am reckoning I know that," Tom is saying, "but y'all are betting he might will have one before he is going out of this--because he's going out Straight, and there ain't fixin to ai no flaws in hisn record." So whilst me and Jim filed away at the pens on a brickbat apiece, Jim a-making his'n out of the brass and I making mine out of the spoon, Tom set to work to think out the coat of arms. By and by he say he'd struck so many good ones didn't hardly know which for to take, but there was one which reckon he'd decide on. He is saying:
CHAPTER IX THE BATTLE IN THE PLAIN The distance from the bottom of the funnel to the floor of the chamber beneath it might could have ain't great, for all three of the victims of Tario's wrath alight unscathed. Carthoris, still clasping Thuvia tight to his breasts, come to the grounds catlike, upon his feet, breaking the shock for the girl. Scarce had hisn feet touch the rough stone flagging of this new chamber than hisn sword flash out ready for instant use. But though the room was lit, it was no sign of enemy about. Carthoris have looked toward Jav. The man was pasty white with fear. "What-all is be ourn fate?" ask the Heliumite. "Are Telling me, man! Shake off your terror long enough to tell me, so I may be prepared me to sell my life and that of the Princess of Ptarth as dearly as possible." "Komal!" whisper Jav. "We are to be devoured by Komal!" "Yourn deity?" had asked Carthoris. The Lotharian had nodded hisn head. Then he point toward a low doorway at one end of the chamber. "From thence might will he come upon us. Are Laying aside yourn puny sword, fool. It is fixin to but enrage him the more and make ourn sufferings the more worse." Carthoris have smiled, gripping hisn long-sword the more firmly. Presently Jav give a horrified moan, at the same time pointing toward the door. "He came," he whimper. Carthoris and Thuvia looked in the direction the had done indicated, expecting see some strange and fearful creature in human form; but still to theirn astonishment they seed the broad head and great-maned might shoulder of a huge banth, the most largest that either ever had done seen.
CHAPTER XXXI. NELLIE ARDELL'S TROUBLES. On the following morning Jerry goed to work at the bindery as if nothing done happened. When he goed in, Dick Lanning glared at our hero and stopped as if to speak, but changed his mind and walked off without a-saying a word. During the day the young oarsman become much better acquainted with hisn work and begin for to like it. That night, on a-leaving the bindery by the side entrance, open on a narrow lane, our hero see Dick Lanning and several of his friends a-waiting for him. He attempt for to pass but Lenning putted out his foot, and had Jerry not stopped he might would done been tripped up. "Are Letting me is passing," say he, sharp, but instead of complying, Lenning take a stand in front of him and hit the youth on the might shoulder. "I say I'd git square," he hiss, savagely. "If yer ain't afraid, are standing up and are fighting." "I ain't afraid," reply Jerry, and push him up against the wall. Without delay a rough-and-tumble fight ensued. "Are Giving him it, Dick!" "Do the hayseed up!" "Knock him into the middle of next week!" These and a dozen other cry arise on the air, and the crowd keep a-increasing until fully a hundred spectator surround the pair. Dick Lanning had done caught Jerry unfairly, but still the youth soon manage for to shake him off, and, hauling back, give him a clean blow on the end of hisn unusually long nose, cause the blood for to spurt from that there organ in a stream.
(CNN) -- He armors himself, keeps other people guessing and likes for to wear a mask. Christian Bale is known as a hard worker which is immersing himself in hisn characters. Batman? Are Trying Christian Bale. Though in hisn case the armor and mask are metaphorical, the 34-year-old "Dark Knight" star is liking keep hisn personal life as shadowy as a superhero's back story. He's been knew for to keep a low profile -- "Y'all finna never see me at no party," it is the Times of London -- and delights in concocting stories about his life that he tell. "I make me up []," he tell Details magazine things earlier this here year. "Absolutely. I'm an actor -- I ain't a politician. I always am kicking myselves when I am talking too much about family, or personal things. I'll are enjoying chatting now and so then later I'll regret it." But with the explosive impact of "The Dark Knight" -- the film has done set box office records in the 10 day since its release, a-becoming the most fastest film to reach the $300 million mark in history -- and the forthcoming release of the fourth "Terminator," might will star Bale, he might may find his privacy limited. ("The Dark Knight" is a Warner Bros. film. The studio, like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.) "Might can he stand the glare of the spotlight?" a rival studio executive ask Entertainment Weekly. "Being put in major roles and major films?" Already it is signs that Bale made the jump from actor to movie star. Last week, news of an alleged hotel-room tussle between the actor, hisn mother and hisn sister make headlines around the world. Bale, who denied the allegations, describe the incident as "a deeply personal matter" and ask the media to "respect my privacy in the matter" at a press conference. Watch the most latest on the incident »
(CNN) -- The United States is deeply concerned about the well-being of Eman al-Obeidy, according to a State Department source, and work close with officials in Europe and Libya for to get her safe out of the country. The same source say the U.S. is "prepared to provide whatever helps and are supporting Eman may need." Al-Obeidy done grabbed the world's attention this here spring when she accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's security forces of gang-raping her. She is now on the way to Malta with her father, according to another high-level U.S. State Department source. She finna eventually head to a processing center in Europe before a-leaving for a final destination. She told CNN on repeated occasions that does she want go to the United States. It is CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton " has been deeply interested in the case and has followed it throughout . that one of the State Department sources had told " Al-Obeidy was in Qatar a-awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was a-deported Thursday and send back to Libya. She have been reportedly beat before being deported. Najah Dawaji, a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist, said she was with three key members of Libya's Transitional National Council when they first learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday. She say al-Obeidy had a black eye, bruises on hern legs and scratches on hern arms. Al-Obeidy telled a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had done a-pressured the Qataris for to expel her. But, according to Dawaji, she is not blaming rebel no group for the beating itself.
Hanoi ( or ; , ) is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and the country's second largest city by population. Itsn population in 2009 was a-estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts and 7 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction. The population in 2015 was a-estimated at 7.7 million people. From 1010 until 1802, it was the most important political centre of Vietnam. It was eclipsed by Huế, the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty (1802–1945), but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954. From 1954 to 1976, it was the capital of North Vietnam, and it become the capital of a a-reunified Vietnam in 1976, after the North's victory in the Vietnam War. The city is lying on the right bank of the Red River. Hanoi is north of Ho Chi Minh City and west of Hai Phong city. October 2010 officially mark 1000 years since the establishment of the city. The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural is a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural created for to mark the occasion. Hanoi (, "inside (the) river") had many official and unofficial names throughout historys. Hanoi done been inhabited since at least 3000 BC. The Cổ Loa Citadel in Dong Anh district had served as the capital of the Âu Lạc kingdom founded by the Shu emigrant Thục Phán after his 258 BC conquest of the native Văn Lang.
Nassau, The Bahamas (CNN) -- Prince Harry, the third in Britain's line of royal succession, had worshiped in a Bahamian cathedral Sunday as part of hisn Caribbean tour celebrate the 60th anniversary of hisn grandmother's accession to the throne. Harry's Diamond Jubilee celebrations have begun Friday in the Belize capitol Belmopan, where the had danced and have drunk in a street party along the newly-named HM Queen Elizabeth II Boulevard. The 27-year-old son of Prince Charles and Diana done had a quieter day in Belize Saturday, a-climbing to the top of Xunantunich, a Mayan temple. Harry had toured an open air exhibit in Nassau's Rawson Square Sunday, before a-boarding a speedboat for a visit to several Bahamian islands for to meet with locals. The prince is expected for to attend military exercises conducted by the Royal Bahamian Defence Force, responsible for a-patrolling about 1,000 island in itsn 100,000 square mile of territorial waters. After a youth rally in the Bahamas National Stadium Monday, Harry is traveling to Jamaica and then on to Brazil to complete hisn 10-day tour. CNN's Brian Vitagliano contribute to this here report.
Bruce and hisn other two friend, Bruno and Dick had lived in the same city in England. They have been free in theirn summer holiday. So they come to a village by a large lake. They like fishing very much. Then the next day after they have gotten there, they have gotten to a boat and have gone a-fishing in the lake. They boat farther and farther. They come an out-of- place way. They was very happy because there was a lot of fishs. When it was time for for to go home, Bruce say to his friends: "We'd better make a mark here so that we is fixin to easy find the place tomorrow." "Y'all're right." Bruno say happily ."Let us do that." "How foolish," say Bruce. "If it rain tonight, the rain waters are fixin to wash the line off, and so how can we find the mark tomorrow. Y'all might must cut a line with yourn knife." Dick come up to them and say angrily. " Neither of y'all is clever. How might can we find the place if we have another boat tomorrow? We should not go back tonight."
A man had sailed out to sea in a small boat. The sun was only rising, but this man done liked spending all day fishing. A long way away from the shore, he stop hisn boat. It is out his fishing pole and put some worms on the hook that he pull. He hold it in the deep water and wait for a long time. After three hour it was still not a bite. The sun move slow across the sky. Morning turn into afternoon, and afternoon to evening. It had been a slow day of fishing and he had had to pack up. A fisherman is not giving up so easy, even after many hours. It is taking time to catch fish and fishing ain't for no people is giving up quick. The fisherman go home empty handed. He gone home to his log cabin and sat by the fire. Hisn stomach growl because there ain't no dinner for to eat tonight, but tomorrow would be a better day.
Little Tommy had woken one morning to the sun a-shining and so the birds a-singing. He had a birds that might would sit outside hisn window that he name Martha. He really liked Martha and he feeded her some bread every morning. When he have been did a-feeding Martha he would go and feed hisn most best buddy ever, Sammy, a big hairy dog. Tommy really loved and done hung out him Sammy all day, every day. Today he think they might would go a-fishing and are enjoying the sunshine. Tommy finded his fishing , some worms, and a little lunchs the day pole. Off Tommy and Sammy go for the day. When they have gotten to the fishing hole Sammy had run over to a rocks and have started a-barking with hisn hairs a-standing up. Tommy run see what-all Sammy had done found. Under the edge of the rock was a huge green toad. Tommy laugh and laugh at Sammy and calm him down then pick up the toad. Sammy was very interested and lick the toad. It is a new friend that sammy had found. It is the toad home with them and named him Zoe the Toadie that tommy taked.
(CNN) -- Russia and South Ossetia strongly denied news reports that a motorcade a-carrying the presidents of Georgia and Poland come under fire, a-calling the claims "a provocation" mean destabilize the region. Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, say it was "unpredictable people" in the area. "This is a real provocation," It is journalists on Monday that russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov tell. "It ain't the first time that such have a-happened: First they are masterminding their own self and then are accusing the Russian everything or the Ossetian side." Eduard Kokoity, president of the breakaway region of South Ossetia, add: "Today's event was a deliberate provocative act of the Georgian and Polish presidents a-targeted at regional destabilization." Kokoity had made hisn comments to the Russian newses agencys, Interfax. The motorcade, a-carrying Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski, was a-passing a checkpoint near Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region -- site of intense conflict between Russian and Georgian troops in August -- when shots was fired Sunday, a-according to the Georgian Interior Ministry. The motorcade was not hit and there was no injuries, the Georgian Interior Ministry say. No other shooting have been a-reported in the area. The shots was fired from Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade pass, the ministry say. Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Grigory Karasin deny the gunfire come from its army positions. "This is one more instance of wishful thinking on the part of Georgia," he tell reporters. After the incident, Saakashvili tell reporters he would ain't took his Polish counterpart into no danger intentionally and so that the incident show "y'all dealing with unpredictable people" in the disputed area.
I am fixin for to get a a few weeks hamster, or maybe a month! I have a-been a-waiting for a hamster for years, so I amn't wanting to wait another day! She's fixin to have a big home with lots of papers towel rolls to eat, or even sleep in. Myn little hamster a-going to bite us in the beginning, as hamsters are nervous, but still we're a-going to end up a-being best friends. She's fixin for to sit on myn might shoulder as I do the dishes or do myn homework. When I'm reading myn favorite , sleeping, or when I'm showering, myn hamster is needing for to go back hern home book. I think that she fixin for to pee without warning and at the worst times, I am fixin for to scratch hern little belly and love her all the more when she pushes carrots into hern mouth. I am sure that myn little hamster is a-going to get into a lot more trouble, too. Maybe she might will be scared of thunders and are tryna run away. Or might maybe she might will be so curious about a-going outside to the street that she might get hurt. I do not care about no amount of trouble that my little gets into I might will always make me sure she has water to drink, food to eat, and love from my heart.
Canada geese are large blue and white birds .When autumn arrives ,they have to fly south where the weather is warmer .The winters are so cold in Canada that the birds will die if they stay there . Last spring ,Bill Lishman done found sixteen young Canada geese on hisn farm "They done lost theirn parents , "Bill thought. "These here young birds might won't know what-all to do in the autumn. Bill had a small plane and he decided to teach the birds to follow him .All through the summer ,he go on short trips in hisn plane and the young geese fly after him ." When the cold weather arrived in autumn ,Bill flew to Virginia in the United States ,600 miles south from his home in Canada .The geese follwed him all the way .Bill flew to Virginia and returned home . This spring ,Bill was waiting for the birds to come back .They didn't arrive ,so Bill flew to Virginia to get them .He looked for them for two weeks but he couldn't find them . When he arrived back home ,Bill found the geese waiting for him .Then had found the way home without him !
"What-all is success"? It is his 6th grade business class that mr. Black ask. It was hisn opening conversation for the first class of the term. "Success a-riding in a sweet car, a-watching an 80-inch( TV, and a-living in a place with at least twelve room." One student had answered, a-earning laughs from all the students. Mr. Black smile, but shake hisn head. "Tom, that is excess. That ain't success." "How about a-being able provide for yourn family?" A blonde girl named Sandy in the front suggest as an answer. "Now we're getting closer," Mr. Black smile, "but try thinking about what-all y'all need and so what-all y'all want." "A-Getting everything are wanting." It is out an answer again , trying for more laughs that tom shout . Mr. Black sigh ." I am believing we already talked about exceses versus(...) succeses." "A-Getting everything y'all are needing, but some of what-all y'all are wanting?" James, a-sitting in the back wondered aloud. "Quite right!" Mr. Black clap. "Success is a-getting y'all are needing and some of what everything y'all are wanting. The more y'all get that y'all want, the more successful y'all are. Y'all are reaching a where y'all a-living excess point, though." "What-all does this have for to do with business?" Tom ask. It seem if it ain't funny, he ain't happy. "Well, Tom, are thinking of it this way: the point of business is make a living support yourn family. Once y'all properly saw to theirn needs, y'all might can then seen to getting the extras that y'all want." "What if I don't ai no family?" he continue to be difficult. "Then y'all have provide for yourselves, a family of one." "He has goldfish for to think about!" Peter, Tom's friend, shout out. "Then he needs to provide for a family of one with a fishbowl." Mr. Black had corrected himself. Tom nod, satisfied with that there answer. "So in the next nine week, we're a-going to study basic business situations, like a-having a checking account and a-understanding credit cards ." Tom had rubbed hisn hands together excitedly. "When do we get to start a-spending?" "Y'all already are, Tom. Y'all're spending time with us!" Mr. Black laugh. "Now, are letting's are seeing what-all y'all guys are knowing about credit cards..."
(CNN) -- Hashim Amla becomed the first South African to score a triple century in Test cricket as his side dominated No.1 ranked England at The Oval Sunday. Amla was 311 not out as South Africa declare on a massive 637 for two wickets before taking four cheap England wickets by the close of the fourth day. It leaved England needing 150 runs avoid a humiliating innings defeats with only six wickets left. Amla share a record 377 unbroken stand for the third wicket with Jacques Kallis, was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith call hisn men in. The previous Test most best for South Africa done come from current teammate AB de Villiers, had hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11. "I am happy, surprised and real excited that I manage to do something that has ain't did before by a South African, but the biggest pleasure is that the team is in a dominant position for to win this here Test match," Amla tell gathered reports. "I didn't dream about getting me 300," he add. "I always was a person which never is setting no goals. In many ways that is helping y'all because y'all might can keep a-going without a-being a-limited." Amla bat for just over 13 hour and hit 35 four, a-including a boundary off Tim Bresnan when on 299, a-lofting it over the infield before a-taking a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd. They had done saw England's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted on a docile pitch with Kallis a-reaching his 43rd Test ton in tandem.
Adam and hisn mom, Deborah, run across the front lawn of theirn house. The grass have been very tall, the lawn done ain't mowed. After a-removing the groceries from the car, Adam had done wanted to play in the yard. Deborah did not. She had been sad that her new boss at work, Pierre, are not seeming to like her. She run along with Adam, but still he might could tell that Deborah was upset. Adam ask his was what a-bothering her mom. Deborah explain that she feel like hern new boss ain't nice to her. Adam sitted down in the grass and asked Deborah sit down next to him. It is her that he had a bully in his class named Mike that he tell. Adam say that all had for to do was are ignoring the bullys and he might would feel better. Then Adam ask why could his mom not ignore her new boss. Deborah had explained to Adam that hern new boss could fire her. Deborah frown, take off hern pink shoes, and walk inside the houses to make rices for dinner.
Fifty-two country done participated in the Eurovision Song Contest since it had started in 1956. Of these, twenty-seven have a-won the contest. The contest, a-organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), is a-held annually between members of the Union. It is songs to the event , and cast votes to determine the most popular in the competition that broadcasters from different countries are submitting . Participations in the contest are primarily open to all active member broadcasters of the EBU. Be an active member, broadcasters might must be a member of the European Broadcasting Union, or be in a Council of Europe member country. Eligibility to participate ain't determined by geographic inclusion within the continent of Europe, despite the "Euro" in "Eurovision" — nor does it have a direct connection with the European Union. Several countries geographically outside the boundaries of Europe done competed: Israel, Cyprus and Armenia, in Western Asia, since 1973, 1981 and 2006 respectively; Morocco, in North Africa, in the 1980 competition alone; and Australia making a debut in the 2015 contest. In addition, several transcontinental countries with only part of theirn territory in Europe have done competed: Turkey, since 1975; Russia, since 1994; Georgia, since 2007; and Azerbaijan, make itsn first appearance in the 2008 edition. Two of the countries that previously sought for to enter the competition, Lebanon and Tunisia, in Western Asia and North Africa respectively, are also outside of Europe. The Gulf state of Qatar, in Western Asia, announce in 2009 its interest in a-joining the contest in time for the 2011 edition. However, this are not materialising, and there is no known plans for a future Qatari entry the Eurovision Song Contest. Australia, where the contest done been broadcast since the 1970s, debuted as a participant in the 2015 edition, with entries in 2016 and 2017.
It is a very exciting summer vacation that sally had. She go to summer the first time camp. It is friends with a girl named Tina that she make. They share a bunk theirn cabin bed. Sally's favorite activity was a-walking in the because she enjoy nature woods. Tina had liked arts and crafts. Together, they make some art a-using find the woods leaves. Even after she fall in the water, Sally still enjoy a-canoeing. She was sad when the camp was over, but promise keep in her new friend touch. Sally goed to the beach with hern family in the summer as well. It is the beach that she loves. Sally collect shells and mail some to hern friend, Tina, so it is some arts and crafts with them that she could make. Sally had liked a-fishing with her brothers, a-cooking on the grill with her dad, and a-swimming in the ocean with her mother. The summer was fun, but Sally was very excited to go back to schools. It is her friends and teachers that she miss. She had been excited to tell hern summer vacation them.
Futsal, (literally "mini-football", "futebol de salão" i.e. "big room soccer"), is a variant of association football play on a hard court, more smaller than a football pitch, and mainly indoors. It might can be a-considered a version of five-a-side football. Futsal is a-played between two teams of five players each, one of whom is the goalkeeper. Unlimited substitutions are permitted. Unlike some other forms of indoor football, the game is played on a hard court surface delimited by lines; walls or boards ain't used. Futsal is also a-played with a smaller ball. The surface, ball, and rules is creating an emphasis on improvisation, creativity, and technique as well as ball control and a-passing in small spaces. "Futsal" comes from Spanish "fútbol sala or fútbol de salón" and from Portuguese "futebol de salão". The term is commonly translated as "indoor football" but a more literal translation is "hall/lounge football". During the sport's second world championships held in Madrid in 1985, the Spanish name "fútbol sala" have been used. Since then, all other names done been officially and internationally changed to "futsal". The naming had been due to a dispute between FIFUSA (the predecessor to the AMF) and FIFA over the name of "fútbol", FIFUSA registered the word "fut-sal" in 1985 (Madrid, Spain). Since then FIFA done also a-started a-using the term futsal. The name has done been translated into Italian as "calcio a 5" or "football sala", and French as "football de salle".
CHAPTER XXX THE RESCUE--CONCLUSION The Rovers and the others on the steam tug could scarcely wait for the old man in the dilapidated rowboat to come up alongside. "Y'all have a us message?" had said Dick. "Are Handing it over, quick." "The message says as how y'all-uns is fixin to pay me twenty-five dollar fer delivering of it in twenty-four hour," had said the old man, cautiously. "Who-all is it from?" "It is signed Dora Stanhope and Nellie Laning." "Give it to me--I'll pay you the money," cried Tom. "All straight, are reckoning as how I am kinning are trusting y'all-uns," say the old man. It was Jake Shaggam, who had received the message the evening before. He done read it with interest and start out at daylight find out something about the Rovers and where they might be located. Good fortune done threw straight our young friends' way him. "This is really a message from the girls!" cry Tom, a-reading it hastily. "It is in Nellie Laning's handwriting." "And Dora Stanhope done signed hern name too," add Dick. "I know her signature well." "Of course y'all do," put in Fred, dryly, but nobody pay no attention to no sally. "They are on the houseboat, and the craft is a-hidden up Shaggam Creek," a-put in Sam. He turn to the captain of the tug. "Where is Shaggam Creek?" "This ere is Shaggam Creek, an' I'm Jake Shaggam," answered the hermit. "But y'all-uns say y'all'd pay me thet twenty-five dollars." "I might will," say Tom, and bring out the amount at once.
London, England (CNN) -- "Some people believe football is a matter of life and death... I assure y'all it is much, much more important than that." As Bill Shankly, the legendary former manager of English club Liverpool, had pointed out soon before he had passed away in 1981, the significance of the beautiful game might can ain't a-underestimated -- and so that don't just apply to no fans of the sport, either. Soccer might can affect lives on a national and international scale, a-inspiring revolutions and a-causing wars as well as a-having the capability to create peaces and are lifting entire nations. The "Football War" between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969 is perhaps the famousest example of the sport's more wider implications. The two Central American nation famously come to blows a-following their qualification match for the 1970 World Cup. Pedro Pinto's World Cup predictions But this wasn't the first time, and definitely won't be the last, that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results. 1. Mussolini manipulates the "man in black," 1934 "Il Duce" was determined to use this World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy. Mussolini had his own trophy created for the event -- the Coppa Del Duce -- was six times the size of the Jules Rimet, and so to this day allegations are remaining the tournament was fixed so that only Italy might would collect it. A-According to the BBC's "World Cup Stories" book by Chris Hunt, it was suggestions that the Italian dictator hisself pick the referees. In the semifinal against Austria, Mussolini's Azzurri team have won 2-1, but after the game theirn opponents have complained the game have been fixed.
Gujarati is an Indo-Aryan language native to the Indian state of Gujarat. It is part of the greater Indo-European language family. Gujarati is a-descended from Old Gujarati ("circa" 1100–1500 AD). In India, it is the official language in the state of Gujarat, as well as an official language in the union territories of Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli. Gujarati is the language of the , which had ruled Rajputana Gujjars and Punjab. According to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 4.5% of the Indian population (1.21 billion according to the 2011 census) is speaking Gujarati, which is amounting to 46 million speakers in India. There is about 50 million speaker of Gujarati worldwide, a-making it the 26th-most-spoke native language in the world. Gujarati had been the first language of Mahatma Gandhi and Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Gujarati (also sometimes spelled "Gujerati", "Gujarathi", "Guzratee", "Guujaratee", "Gujarati", "Gujrathi", and "Gujerathi") is a modern IA (Indo-Aryan) language evolve from Sanskrit. The traditional practice is to differentiate the IA languages on the basis of three historical stages: Another view postulates successive family tree splits, in which Gujarati is assumed to have separated from other IA languages in four stages: The principal changes from Sanskrit are the following: Gujarati is then customarily divided into the following three historical stages:
(CNN)The family of a Jordanian fighter pilot mercilessly killed by ISIS is calling for total revenge. Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, 27, have been burned alive while confined in a cage. In response, Jordan execute two prisoners -- Sajida al-Rishawi, a might would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had done previously demanded as part of a prisoner exchange, and Ziad Karbouli, a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. The pilot's father is demanding hisn do more country. "These was criminals and there is no comparison between them and Moath. Hisn blood is more valued than Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli," say al-Kasasbeh's father, Safi. "I am demanding that revenge should be more bigger than executing prisoners." Hisn son's horrific deaths were a-recorded and so the videos were a-posted online Tuesday. CNN ain't a-showing no images, draw global condemnation and prompt protests and vows of retaliation in Jordan. King Abdullah promised a strong response, saying that ISIS ain't just fighting hisn nation, but warring against "noble Islam" itself. The country now wants to step up airstrikes against the terrorist organization, a-according to a source with direct knowledge of the situation. But the pilot's uncle, Yassin Al Rawashdeh, telled CNN that he also wants to see ground troops involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Say the pilot's father: "I am demanding that this criminal organization (ISIS) ... might should be annihilated." What-all is coming next? Demonstrators have taken to the streets in Amman and the pilot's hometown immediately after the video have been made public.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi ain't for no sale. That had been the defiant message from Barcelona's new president, at is adamant that the club's all-time leading goalscorer is going nowhere amid reports French club Paris St Germain want to sign the Argentine. Josep Maria Bartomeu finna sit down with the four-times World Player of the Year to thrash out a new contract finna see him is remaining as most highly-a-paid at the Camp Nou. "We want for to sit down, without any rush, with Leo's father -- it ain't something that's a-happening tomorrow, we have plenty of time, but we finna do what-all we have for to for to ensure he's the best paid player," had said Josep Maria Bartomeu, who had assumed control at Barca after Sandro Rosell's resignation last week. Messi had arrived at Barca in 2000 , a-graduating through the club's youths system before a-going on to establish himself as the most best player on the planet. Since a-making hisn first team debut in 2004, Messi done helped the team win six Spanish league title, two Spanish Cups and three European Champions League crown. Blog: Is Ronaldo really the best? The club's determination to keep hold of Messi finna be sweet relief to Barca fans after a turbulent few weeks. Former president Rosell step down after a Spanish judge's decision investigate the deal see Neymar is moving to Catalonia from Brazilian team Santos last June. The club initially had announced the deal had been worth $78 million, but the breakdown of the agreement have been never revealed. A Barcelona member launch a case against Rosell for not a-disclosing the full details and the club was asked by Spanish authorities to hand over documentation, as well as accounts for the past three year.
It is the North Atlantic Alliance , is an intergovernmental military alliance between several North American and European states based on the North Atlantic Treaty that was signed on 4 April 1949 that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ; ; ' ) , also call . NATO constitutes a system of collective defence whereby its member states agree to mutual defence in response to an attack by any external party. Three NATO members (the United States, France and the United Kingdom) are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council with the powers veto and are officially nuclear-weapon states. NATO Headquarters are a-located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium, while the headquarters of Allied Command Operations is near Mons, Belgium. NATO is an alliance is consisting of 29 independent member country across North America and Europe. An additional 21 country participate in NATO's Partnership for Peace program, with 15 other country involved in institutionalized dialogue programs. It is over 70 % of the global total that the combined military spending of all NATO members constitutes . Members' defense spending is a-supposed amount to at least 2% of GDP. NATO was little more than a political association until the Korean War galvanize the organization's member states, and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two US Supreme Commanders. The course of the Cold War lead to a rivalry with nations of the Warsaw Pact, that formed in 1955. Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states and the United States ebb and flow, along with doubts over the credibility of the NATO defense against a prospective Soviet invasion—doubts lead to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent and the withdrawal of France from NATO's military structure in 1966 for 30 year. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in Germany in 1989, the organization become involved in the breakup of Yugoslavia, and conduct itsn first military interventions in Bosnia from 1992 to 1995 and later Yugoslavia in 1999. Politically, the organization seeked more better relations with former Warsaw Pact countries, several of which joined the alliance in 1999 and 2004.
