Once times, barn farm houses, there live a little white kitten named Cotton. Cotton one had lived high up a nice warm place barn where all farmer's horse had slept. But Cotton one wasn't like alone her little home barn, oh no. She one share her hay bed her mommy and 5 other sister. All her sister were like cute and fluffy, Cotton. But she one had been the only white one bunch. Rest her sister were all orange beautiful white tiger stripe Cotton's mommy. Being like different make Cotton quite sad. Often wish look rest her family. So one day, when Cotton find can that old farmer's orange paint, she one use paint herself them. When her mommy one and sister find her start laughing. "What you one doing, Cotton?!" " only have wanted be more y'all". Cotton 's mommy one rub her face Cotton's and say "Oh Cotton, but your fur is like so pretty and special, you. We one will never want you be any other way". And that, Cotton 's mommy one pick her up and drop her one big bucket water. When Cotton had come out she one had been herself again. Her sister lick her face until Cotton's fur was all like all dry. "Don't ever do that again, Cotton!" they all one have cried. "Next time you one can mess up that pretty white fur yours and we won't want that!" Then Cotton one think, " change my mind. I one like being like special".
Once got a beautiful fish named Asta. Asta one live ocean. It was lot other fish ocean where Asta live. They one play all day long. One day, one bottle floated by head Asta and hi friend. They one look up and see bottle. "What is the thing?" say Asta 's friend Sharkie one. "The thing look birds's belly," had said Asta one. But when they swim closer, it one was not one bird's belly. Was like hard and clear, and it was something it. That bottle floated them. They one want open. They one want to see did what be like inside. So they one catched that bottle and carried down that bottom that ocean. They one crack the thing open rock. When they get it open, they one find did what be like inside. It one was one note. Note have been written orange crayon white paper. Asta one can not read note. Sharkie one could not read note. They one take note Asta's papa. "What the thing say?" they one have asked. Asta's papas had read note. He one tell Asta and Sharkie, "This note is one little girl. She one want be your friend. You want be her friend, we one can write one note her. But you one gotta find another bottle so we can send her." And that one is what they have done.
My doorbell ring. Step, I one am finding the elderly Chinese lady, small and slight, holding hand a little boy. Her other hand, she one is holding one paper carrier bag. I one am knowing this lady. Is not her first visit. She one boy's grandmother, and her daughter buy house next door last October. Her daughter Nicole one, , is speaking fluent English. But now Shanghai, and her parent are here the little boy. Nicole one obviously told her mother that Am I having hearts surgery soon, so her mother decided I need more nutrient. I one know does what be bag-- thermo hot soups and stainless-steel container rices, vegetable and either chickens, meats or shrimp, sometimes kind pancake. This one have become an almost-daily practice. Communication us is somewhat affected by fact that she isn't speaking English and all I can say Chinese like hello. Once, she one bringed iPad as well as food. She one point go screen, which display message from her daughter telling me that her mother want know if food was like all right and whether it was like too salty. Am not used iPad, so had indicated should go her her houses. Then, hand iPad her husband and almost immediately find looking Nicole Shanghai and discussing her mother's cookings and salts intake. Instantly, tear welled my eye. "Your mother just can't be bringing me meal this all times," I one insist. "I one can hardly do dish returns." "Oh, no, Lucy." Nicole one say. "Mum one isn't liking western food. Don't worry the thing; she one has cook three them anyway, and she wants do the thing." The doorbell one keeps ringing and got the familiar brown papers carrier bag, handed smilingly me. I am now working some more Chinese word--it one's least I can do such display kindneses. "Thank you one " , course, the first one. Somehow, it one seems inadequate.
(CNN) -- Dennis Farina, the dapper, mustachioed cop-turned-actor best known for his tough-as-nails work in such TV series as "Law & Order," "Crime Story," and "Miami Vice," has died. He one had been 69. "We are deep saddened by loses a great actor and a wonderful man," say hi publicist, Lori De Waal, statement Monday. "Dennis Farina was always warmhearted and professional, a great sense humor and passion hi profession. Will be greatly missed by hi family, friend and colleague." Farina, who had a long career polouses officer Chicago, get acting director Michael Mann, who use him consultant and cast him his 1981 movie, "Thief." That role led to others in such Mann-created shows as "Miami Vice" (in which Farina played a mobster) and "Crime Story" (in which he starred as Lt. Mike Torello). Farina one also had had role, generally either cop or gangster, number movie, "Midnight Run" (1988), "Get Shorty" (1995), " Mod Squad" (1999) and "Snatch" (2000). 2004, join cast the long-running "Law & Order" Jerry Orbach's departure, playing Detective Joe Fontana, role reprise spinoff "Trials Jury." Fontana have been known flashy clothe and an expensive car, a distinct counterpoint Orbach's rumpled Lennie Briscoe. Farina one was "Law & Order" two year, partnered Jesse L. Martin's Ed Green. Martin 's character one become one senior detective after Farina leave show.
Kendra one and Quinton travel and from schools every day. Kendra one lives further bus stop than Quinton does, stop every mornings Quinton's houses join him walk bus stop. Every afternoon, school, when walking home bus stop are going in cooky and milk that Quinton 's mother one have like ready and waiting them. Quinton one can't eat cheese or cake so they have had the same snack every day. Both work together their homeworks and when are done play together. Kendra one always makes sure to leave times to get home dinner. She one don't want miss story times which had been right bedtime. One morning Kendra had walked up Quinton's house, she one had thought something can be wrong because normally Quinton was waiting outside her and this morning he had been not be found. Kendra one go up door and knock. She one wait and wait and yet no one answer. She one see that Quinton's mother's car wasn't their driveway which was like weird. She one wait one few bit looking up and down block and getting like worried when Quinton was like nowhere be found. Kendra one isn't wanting to miss bus schools and hurry off to make times. The bus driver one see that was upset and that Quinton were not her those mornings. She one tell him what happen and say that was like sure that everything would be like okay. Kendra one get to school, run go her teacher and tell him what happen that morning. Teacher smiled and telled her not to worry, Quinton's mother called and was going dentist and would be schools lunchs and that would see him the bus stop normal tomorrow.
Staten Island one one the five borough New York City U.S. state New York. Southwests city, Staten Island one southernmost part both city and state New York, Conference House Park the southern tip island and state. The The borough give the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull separate A 2016 Census-estimated population 476,015, Staten Island one the least populated borough but the third-largest area. Staten Island one the only borough New York a non-Hispanic White majority. Borough like coextensive Richmond County, and 1975 have been Borough Richmond. Its flag have been later changed to reflect this. Staten Island have been sometimes called "the forgotten borough" inhabitant who is feeling neglected by city governments. North Shore—especially the neighborhood St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton—is the most urban part island; it one is containing the designated St. George Historic District and St. Paul's Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, which is featuring large Victorian house. East Shore is home F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-most longest world. South Shore, site the 17th-century Dutch and French Huguenot settlement, developed rapidly beginning 1960 and 1970 and now mostly suburban characters. Those West Shore that least populated and most industrial part that island.
Thunder one was coming when Reginald Eppes wake up five morning. He one had checked weathers forecast. A violent storm one was coming ,but the thing sound like hi small town won't be hit too hard. But Eppe, firefighter, clear known power these huge storm experience. " y'all know where does the flashlight be?" he one ask hi wife. Danielle. Just then, thunder one had been all- them. Moment he had turned flashlight. The house lights one go off. One second later, kitchen window have been broken. Eppes one and Danielle run go their boy who were still sleeping in their bedroom. "Get up, get up, R.J.! " Eppe have shouted, waving hi flashlight. The sleepy boy one move edge bed. Eppe have held out hi arm and have ordered hi son jump. He one was like too late. Roof have been torn down. R.J. was buried , piece. " finish lose him," Eppes one have thought. Quickly, he one hurry Joel shield him. Glass wood one, , and plaster ( ) have hit them. Then something huge, heavy-maybe the washing machine one-knock him. He one had hurt hi arm, which he still had held flashlight one hand. One long period, wind had begun die. Eppe find standing ruin hi home. Darkness one lie all him. Then he one thinked he seed shape moving straight him. The thing had been R.J., guided home by light hi father's flashlight. Hospital later, R.J. one describe had what happened him. "I one rush out when wall start move I was like scared. My mom and dad were gone. Piece glases hitted my back, and something hitted my neck real hard. " R.J. been raised up airs by winds and drop back grounds. Amazingly, R.J. have been not hurt badly. All hi family, Eppe have been hurt most seriously.
(CNN) -- FBI agent Friday night have searched Maryland home suspect the recent disappearance an American woman Aruba, agent had said. Search occurring Gaithersburg residence Gary Giordano, who is currently being held an Aruban jail, FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf telled CNN. Agents, wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes, arrived about 8:40 p.m. Friday. About 15 unmarked car can be seen street, as well as Montgomery County polouse vehicle. Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini, who was that residence, decline to comment further that search, citing that active investigation. Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein one say earlier Friday that suspect gon appear court Monday, where an investigating magistrate could order held at least eight more day, order to remain island or release him outright to lack evidence. Giordano give Aruban police arrest Giordano one telled authority that been snorkeling Gardner when signaled her swim back, statement. When had reached that beach, Gardner had been nowhere to be found, Giordano one allegedly had said. Area that Giordano lead authority to a rocky, unsightly location does that local say be not a popular snorkeling spot. Although prosecutor continued it identify that 50-year-old American man hi initial, GVG, also already continued one photo one man who appear be Giordano. Hi attorney, Michael Lopez, also finish say that hi client is being held suspect Gardner's deaths. Lopez one finish not return telephone call seeking comment.
Which countrys grow that most teas? Answer India. The thing grow three time as much China. Country one drinks that most tea? It one's neither China nor Japan. It one's Great Britain. Wild, teas plant may be 30 feets tall. But plant grown market is pruned. Pruning one keep plant only three or four feets tall. This one an easy height tea picking. Only the two top leafes and bud each new shoot are picked. So to make moneys, teas plantation must be like huge. General, it is two kind tea. Black tea and green tea. Black tea is fermented. Process, teas lose nearly all its healthy quality. Green tea one is steamed straight after leafes are picked it. Green teas _ its healthy quality. Example, it one may prevent hearts diseases. How we one get teas bag? That answer: accident. Tea merchants one used send sample tin box. This one have been like costly. One merchant thoughts one more cheaper way. He one had sent sample small silk bag. Customer would cut are opening that bag. They one would brew leafe usual. One customers put bag pots. Then he one just poured hot waters it. And teas bag have been born. Shen Nong one had been first to drink teas. (Shen one was one Chinese emperor.) This have been About 2737 B.C. Shen one had had bad digestion. So he one drink several cup hot waters daily. One day something one had happened. Leafe one wild tea tree have fallen hot water pot. The next cup was poured. Waters were now colored. Shen one sip. He one like. He one had drunk all. Shen one was like proud hi new drink. He one serve hi guest. Word one had spread. People one think this way. Tea one good enough Emperor. So it one must be good enough persons. Tea one become drink China.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The German newses outlet Der Spiegel published photograph what is appearing be two U.S. soldier Afghanistan posing body dead Afghans -- image which is threatening further complicate the American military effort there. Two images one show soldier kneeling one bloody body have sprawled one patch sand and grass. A third one shows does what appear be two body propped up, back back, a posts front a military vehicle. Der Spiegel one identifies soldier Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes, who both facing charge relating the wrongful death Afghan civilian. Specifically, Holmes is charged the premeditated death three civilian, possessing a dismembered human finger, wrongfully possessing photograph human casualty, and smoking hashish. He is also accused conspiring Morlock shoot civilian and then toss grenade so the thing will look like soldier was attack. Morlock is charged three count murder. He is accused killing one Afghan civilian January 2010 grenade and rifle; killing another May 2010 a similar manner; and shooting third deaths February 2010. U.S. military rule also prohibit "taking or retaining individual souvenir or trophy," which photograph may be construed. Trial the two soldier is being conducted Joint Base Lewis-McChord Washington. Morlock's court martial is slated begin Wednesday, while start date Holmes' court martial have not been publicly announced.
(CNN)A chiseled boxer's Instagram feed shows him making constant references to the Bible and enjoying gospel singing with his wife. Another one features hi formidable opponent counting stack moneys, hanging out strip club, and flashing diamonds watch and Ferraris. Are Welcoming world boxing promotions, circa 2015. American Floyd Mayweather and Filipino Manny Pacquiao are set officially announce their heavily anticipated boxing match one pres conference Los Angeles Wednesday. The combined purse the May 2 bout Las Vegas report to touch $300 million pending viewership number, incentive self-promote could not be higher. "Nowadays y'all have be social medium launch fight and build hype," says boxing promoter Nisse Sauerland, CEO Team Sauerland. " couldn't be done it." Thirty-eight year old Mayweather (47-, 26 knockout), who favor moniker " Money Man" or "TBE" (The Best Ever), boast nearly five million Instagram follower, 5.65 million follower Twitter and 9.2 million Facebook like. Famously confirm fight Shots, photo sharing social mediums application that 's invested , and display links hi clothings brand, Money Team, all hi accounts. Professing be that most good fighter all times, he one could also stake claim be one the most great social mediums user sports. " think 're both playing their role," say Sauerland, who promote over 45 boxer. "Y'allever get the bad guy and the good guy, really. Y'all got guy who throw moneys (Mayweather), that's hi image, and Pacquiao, he one's hope nation."
OCLC, currently incorporated OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Incorporated, an American nonprofit cooperative organization "dedicated the public purpose furthering access world's information and reducing information cost". It was founded 1967 those Ohio College Library Center. And its member OCLC libraries one cooperatively are producing and are maintaining WorldCat, the largest online public acceses catalog (OPAC) world. OCLC is funded mainly by fee that library have pay its service (around $200 million annually ). OCLC one begin 1967, Ohio College Library Center, collaboration Ohio university president, vice president, and library director who want to create a cooperative, computerized network Ohio library. The group one first meet July 5, 1967 the campus the Ohio State University sign the article incorporation the nonprofit organizations. The group one hire Frederick G. Kilgour, a former Yale University medical school librarian, to design the shared cataloging system. Kilgour one wish to merge the most late informations storage and retrieval system times, computer, most old, library. Plan was merge catalog Ohio are librarying electronically computer network and database streamline operation, controls cost, and are increasing efficiencys library managements. Goal this network and database had been to bring library together to cooperatively keep tracks world's informations to best serve researcher and scholar. The first library to do online cataloging through OCLC one had been Alden Library at Ohio University on August 26, 1971. This one have been the first occurrence online cataloging any library worldwide.
John: Here's a good shop. Shall we one buy mother's birthday like present here? Mary: Yes, that one's one good idea. Shall we one go inside? Tom: No. Let's look window. Shall we one buy her sweater? Anne: Er, no. The thing'll soon be summer. Let's buy her blouse to wear. Got one nice one window. John: No, she one have two blouse. Are Letting's are buying ring. Mary: Oh, no! They one're diamond ring. Are Looking price. Most cheap $15. John: A real diamond ring is at least $500.They only look like diamonds. Tom: We shall buy a table, can or not? It one's only $15. Anne: It doesn't look good, just like a big box. Mum one like chair. Tom: But they one haven't any here. Mary: What about a pen? So cheap! Only $10. John: She one has one lot pen and pencil. All them new. Tom: Oh, are looking here. These flower like beautiful. Mary: They aren't real and will never die. John: And they one're cheapest all these thing. Yes, let's buy them. Anne: All right.
Tommy one was one little boy who live one big lake wood. One day he one seed two little mouse looking water. They one seem very sad. "One like wrong?" Tommy one had asked. Mary, one the little mouses, stand. " My brother one and I love see new thing. We one want to see does what be the other side lake. But we one do not know how build boat get there." Tommy one smile. "I have plenty toy boat," he one say. "They one your size!" "Oh, thank y'all!" say Steve the other little mouse one,. "We one would be like very glad if we could borrow !" Tommy one go hi houses and return one small toy boat. The boat one had one big sail make the boat is going. Mary one and Steve climb and Tommy putted boat water. Boat sail away waters! Mary one and Steve laugh joy and had great fun riding toy boat. Soon, they one reach the other side lake. Many person were having funs swimming and splashing waters. Steve one and Mary love seeing all the new thing and persons. A man one throw a ball waters. It one land toy boat. That man's big dog camed splashing that waters fetch. The big wafe splash the little boat every which way! Mary one and Steve getted very wet. Mary one and Steve go back home that. They one tell Tommy what they see, and they all laugh that big dog's wave. Tomorrow the mice one will see even more the lake Tommy's toy boat!
-A German taxi driver Franz Bussman one, , recently finded hi brother who was thought have been killed twenty year ago. While one walking tour hi wife, he one had stopped talk one workman. After they gone on, Mrs. Bussman one say that workman was closely her husband and even suggest that might be hi brother. Franz one laugh idea, pointing out that hi brother been killed action war. Though Mrs. Busman know this story quite well, she one think got one chance one million that she can be like right. A few day later, she one send boy workman to ask him if hi name was Hans Bussman. Needless say, the man 's name one had been Hans Bussman. And he one really had been Franz's long-lost brother. When brother were reunited, Hans one explain how did it be that was still like alive. Having been wondered end war, been sent hospital and was separated hi unit. Hospital been bombed and Hans made hi way back Western Germany foot. Meanwhile, hi unit have been lost and all record him been destroyed. Hans one return hi home, but houses had been bombed up. Guessing that hi family all been killed air-raid , Hans one settle down one village fifty mile away where remained ever since.
CHAPTER XXII Northward, leeward coast Malaita, _ Ariel_ worked her leisurely way, threading the colour-riotous lagoon that lay between the shore-reefs and outer-reefs, daring passages so narrow and coral-patched that Captain Winters averred each day added a thousand grey hairs to his head, and dropping anchor off every walled inlet of the outer reef and every mangrove swamp of the mainland that looked promising of cannibal life. Harley and Villa Kennan have been no hurry. So long as way was like interesting, they one dare not how long prove anywhere to anywhere. These times Jerry one learn a new name himself--or, rather, an entire series name himself. This one have been of aversion Harley Kennan's part renaming a named thing. "One name he must had," he one argue Villa. "Haggin one must named him before sail _Arangi_. Therefore, nameless must be until we get it back Tulagi and find out hi real name." "One's name?" Villa one begun to tease. "Everything," her husband one retort. "Think yourselves, shipwrecked, called by your rescuer 'Mrs. Riggs,' or 'Mademoiselle de Maupin,' or just plain 'Topsy.' And think me being called 'Benedict Arnold,' or ' Judas,' or . .. or . .. 'Haman.' No, keep him nameless, until we find out hi original name." "Must call him something," she one object. "Can't think him thinking something." "Then call him many name, but never that same name twice. Call him 'Dog' to-day, and 'Mister Dog' to-morrow, and that next day something else."
Brownie one and Spotty had been neighbor dog who had met every day play together. These two one love each other and play together so often that worn path grases field their respective house. One evening, Brownie 's family one notice that Brownie hadn't returned home. They wented looking him no succeses and that next week was still missing. Curiously, Spotty one show up Brownie's house alone. Barking, whining and generally pestering Brownie's human family. Busy their own lifes, they one just ignore that nervous little neighbor dog. Continuously,Ted, Brownie's owner, was disturbed by angry, determine little dog. Spotty one follow Ted about, barking insistently, then rushing a nearby empty lot and back, as if say, "Are Following me! It one's urgent!" Eventually, Ted one follow Spotty one deserted spot half one mile houses. There Ted one finded hi beloved Brownie alive, one hi hind leg crushed steel leghold traps. Horrified, Ted one now had wished 'd taken Spotty's more earlier appeal seriously. Then Ted one notice something quite remarkable. Spotty one done more than simply led Brownie's human owner hi trapped friend. Circle the injured dog, Ted one had found array dog foods and table scrap which have been later identified remain every meal Spotty been fed that week! Spotty one been visiting Brownie regularly, hope keeping hi friend alive sacrificing hi own comfort. Spotty one evidently stayed Brownie protect him hunger and other danger, and are keeping hi spirit up. Brownie's leg was treated by veterinarian and recover. Many year thereafter, the two family watch the faithful friend chasing each other that well worn path their house.
This one story a young girl and her dog. The young girl one and her dog had set out trip wood one day. Entering the wood the girl one and her dog find that the wood were like dark and cold. The girl one was little like scared and was thinking turning back, but yet they goed on. Girl's dog was acting very interested what was bush up ahead. Both that girl and that dog's surprise, it was one small brown bear resting the bush. Bear had been not like surprised and did not seem at like all interested girl and her dog. Bear look up girl and it was almost as if was smiling her. He one then rest hi head hi bear paw and go back sleep. Girl and dog keep walking and finally make wood. This day the girl one does not know why the bear already told like so friendly and this day never told anyone the meeting the bear the wood.
HOUSTON (AP) --- A 10-year-old boy fatally shoot hi father Friday, striking him several time as sit the front seat SUV pick up boy hi mother's home weekend visit. Incident happen about 3pm cul-desac the 1700 block Cedar Cove Court, say Sgt one. Williams Harris County Sheriff's Department. Investigation find An investigation found that Rick James Lohstroh , 41 , give his son , who was sitting in the back seat of the man 's Toyota 4 - Runner shoot , say Sgt one. Williams. The shooting took place outside the home of Lohstroh's ex-wife, where the boy lives with his mother and a 7-year-old brother. "'re not certain anything until finish our investigation," Williams one say. " informations we have these times are that the 10-year-old fire weapon." That mother and the 7-year-old were that houses when that shooting occur, say Williams one. Williams one say gun belong boy's mother. Firing shot the back seat, boy exit back vehicle and continue to fire car. The man one die the way Memorial Herman Hospital. Lohstroh one had been one doctor University Texas Medical Branch. Man and woman had shared custody childs. Williams one have said mother and boy had been still in home talking go investigator Friday nights. Neighbor describe family being like quiet and keeping themself. Justin Gray 17 one, , was walking neighborhood when hear gunshot. "We had one suicide this neighborhood once, but never anything this," Gray one say.
CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE. WAITING. The lengthening sunny day have gone on bringing either what Did Romola most desire or what most dreaded. They one bringed no sign Baldassarre, and, spite special watch that part those Government, no revelation that suspected conspiracy. But they one brought other thing which touched her close, and bridged that phantom-crowded spaces anxiety active sympathy immediate trials. They one have brought the spreading Plague and Excommunication Savonarola. Both these event tend arrest her incipient alienation Frate, and rivet again her attachment man who opened her the new life duty, and who seem now be worsted fight principle profligacy. Romola can not carry day day abode pestilence and misery the sublime excitement one gladness that, since such anguish exist, too exist to make some anguish less bitter, remembering that owe this transcendent moral life to Fra Girolamo. She one can not witness silencing and excommunication one man whose distinction the great mass clergy lay, not any heretical belief, not hi superstition, but in energy which he seeked make the Christian life one reality, feeling herself drawn strongly hi side. Far on the hot day June Excommunication, some week arrive Rome, was solemnly published Duomo. Romola one go to witness scene, that resistance inspire can invigorate that sympathy Savonarola which was one source her strengths. It one had been memorable contrasts scene she been accustomed witness there.
Jenny 's family one live a small apartment Seattle. One day Jenny one come home school and her mom tell her that family was moving Utah. Jenny one was like sad leave her friend. Jenny one had been like sad to leave her schools. Jenny one had helped her mom pack box and are cleaning their apartment get ready move. Soon the day one comed when Jenny's dad bringed a large truck the parking lot and all the family's thing were put inside. Jenny one and her mom ride their car and her dad drive truck Utah. Jenny one love getting to eat lot yummy fast foods way. When family get their new home Utah, Jenny one help her parent take all box houses. Love her new bedroom! When Jenny was emptying box her toy, it was one knock door. It one was one little girl who want Jenny play! Jenny one was going like Utah!
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Natasha Richardson, film star, Tony-winning stage actress and member that famed Redgrave acting family, die Wednesday suffering injury ski accident, family statement. She one was 45. Natasha Richardson one had fallen beginner' slope Canada. Richardson, wife actor Liam Neeson, have been injured Monday one fall one ski slope one Quebec resort about 80 mile northwest Montreal. Richardson 's family one release statement saying, "Liam Neeson, hi son, and that entire family are shocked and devastated by that tragic death their beloved Natasha. They one like profoundly grateful support, love and prayer everyone, and ask privacy this very difficult time." Statement Mont Tremblant Ski Resort, Richardson one fall lesson beginner' trail. Watch one report Richardson's life » " did not show any visible sign injury, but the ski patrol followed strict procedure and bringed her back the bottom the slope and insisted should see one doctor," the statement one said. Richardson, accompanied by her instructor, return her hotel, but about an hours fall were "not feeling like good," statement say. Ambulance have been called, and Richardson have been taken a local hospital being transferred Hopital du Sacre-Coeur Montreal. There she was transferred Lenox Hill Hospital New York City. Friend and colleague have been saddened by her death. "Natasha was like brilliant, beautiful, funny, like talented measure, as emotionally raw as was razor like sharp," say Jodie Foster, who work Richardson "Nell," statement. "Tasha one love fiercely and that love continue all us who know her. May Liam, her beautiful boy and her loving family hold her close as move these tragic moments."
Peter one had been one very sad puppy. He one had been inside pet store one very long time. Fact, he one had been there three month! Peter seen many other puppy are finding person; he one begin to wonder why could he not get one. He one think that maybe hi fur was not like pretty enough or maybe hi bark was not like loud enough. He one try and try to please every person who come go store, which all pick smaller puppy. However, one day all this changed. Sammie one come store looking a golden puppy. Had wanted puppy can snuggle. It one so had happened that Peter had been very sad and tired that day. Sammie one come to hold him. Peter one had wanted to show off hi barks, which had been like too tired. He one fall right to sleep. Sammie one love him once and love hold him her arm. Sammie one take Peter home that day, and they make lot funs memory.
You can imagine keeping an alien dog as a pet, isn't it? This one is what happen CJ7--a wonderful movie made China. Maybe some of you one see the thing. It one had come out January, 2008. The movie one a poor man Ti, hi son Dicky and their alien dog CJ7. Dicky a 10 year old boy one, -- , lives a poor life hi father Ti, worker. One day,hi father find ball trash and give to Dicky. The ball one become a cute alien dog. It one's a small dog big eye and green hairs. The thing can talk and do magic. Soon the dog one come to love Ti and hi son. It one go school Dicky. It one is making him is laughing, but it is making trouble, too. When Ti fall building and die, CJ7 one save hi life. Because dog lose all its powers , becomes doll. But Dicky one still wear that dog hi neck. He one hopes that CJ7 gon come back life one day.
(CNN) -- Heather Neroy, it one use to be a tedious process: Whenever she came across an interesting arts-and-crafts project or recipe on the Internet, she would save it for later by copying the link, pasting it into an e-mail and sending it to herself. That Neroy, a stay--home mom Southern California, will file e-mails folder future reference. It one wasn't exactly that most efficient system. Then last year, one her browsing session, read one blog posts that gush one new website called Pinterest. The virtual pinboard users can pin one, where and organize image individual "board," didn't pique Neroy's interest first, but quickly change her mind. "Someone one described an online filing system, and thinked, 'That's exactly what am needing,' " said. Soon Neroy one was pinning away and, many Pinterest user, gotted quickly hooked. First start Halloween board where pin costume idea. Next, Neroy one had created one shared color board redecorating her daughter's bedroom that and her husband can add. Pinterest one also allow other user follow each other's board and "re-pin" another person's image. No time Neroy one was sharing other persons's pin and following users similar taste. "The thing's been real neat see what other mom pinning," she one say. "Some day you one run idea and you don't know what do fill time bedtime. Thinked be just organizing, but 's really one community sharing all these different idea that didn't even know existed."
Chapter XVIII Hound Restore the third day his arrival camp Archie receive order to prepare to start hound, earl and one large party mans--arm, search Bruce. A traitor one just come in and tell them where Bruce slept night before. Reluctantly Archie one unfasten chain pole, and holding end hi hand go round Hector front pavilion. Was resolved that dog's guidance party come close up Bruce, will kill dog and then try to escape fleetness foot, this, as got so many mounted man party, had which slight hope. Led by peasant they proceed huts, which was five mile away hill. Reaching Hector one once become greatly excited. He one had sniffed here and there, eagerly have hunted up and down cottage, then have made circuit is rounding the thing, and at last, a loud deep bay he had started off hi nose grounds, pulling so hard chain that Archie had had difficulty keeping up him. Pembroke one and his knights ride little behind, followed by their mans--arm. " pray you, Sir Earl," Archie say, "keep not too close my trace, sound horse's hoof and jingling equipment make all the more impatient get forward, and even now the thing tax all my strengths hold him in."
Asuncion Paraguay CNN one, () -- Paraguay one install new top military commander, which President Fernando Lugo, who ordered change leadership, was not present ceremony. Lugo's absences Thursday mornings attracted attentions hi administrations's silences that sudden changes that leadership that countrys's army, airs force and navys. President's decision replace the top brases come day after publicly dismiss rumor a military coup. Brig. Gen. Bartolome Ramon Pineda Ortiz was named the new army commander. Brig. Gen. Hugo Gilberto Aranda Chamorro one and Rear Adm. Egberto Emerito Orie Benegas take over the top post airs force and navy, respectively. Announcement come the armed force, not president's office. Cibar Benitez commander of the armed forces one, , had been the only top leader retain his posts. Other change will be like forthcoming the more lower rank, say Benitez that swearing-in ceremony, but deny got any truth to talk coup. Paraguay's historys are filled unstable transition powers since emerged dictatorship 1989. Although it hasn't is coup that year, it was attempted coup 1996 and 2000, and President Raul Cubas resign controversy 1999. The military shakeup one third since Lugo take office. The former Catholic bishop have been elected five-year term last year. Hi victory bring end six decade one-party rule Paraguay, but honeymoon did not last long. April, Lugo one admit that father child while was still priest and that may fathered more. The revelation came as a shock to most one, , is hurting hi political image. Call for hi resignation had begun, and continued as Lugo struggled push reform majority-opposition legislature.
Woman wented shopping dress wear her party. Ask her parent come along but her dad was busy. Her mom one join her and bring pear eat later on snacks. They one go the first store and woman try dress. It one cutted off right knee. She one like dress so much she buy. When they goed back their car they one seed bug splashed her window. They one thinked nothing the thing and wanted to go eat breakfasts since the thing were nine mornings. Instead the restaurant one was cooking pea. Mom ask cashier why were they cooking pea. The cashier one say because the thing was opposite day. Woman and her mom want eat pea and buy steak as well. They one were liking pea and steak so much. Eating, they one have gotten one vanillas milkshake and have gone more store shop funs.
Buckinghamshire abbreviated Bucks one ( or ), , county South East England which border Greater London south east, Berkshire south, Oxfordshire west, Northamptonshire north, Bedfordshire north east and Hertfordshire east. Buckinghamshire one is one home county and town such High Wycombe, Amersham, Chesham and Chalfont easts and southeasts county are part London commuter belt, forming some the most densely-populated part county. Development this region is restricted by Metropolitan Green Belt. Other large settlement are including the county town Aylesbury, Marlow souths the Thames and Prince Risborough wests Oxford. Some areas without direct rail links to London such as around the old county town of Buckingham in the northeast one , and near Olney , much like less populous. The largest town one Milton Keynes northeast, which the surrounding area is administered a unitary authoritys separately rest Buckinghamshire. Remainder county is administered by Buckinghamshire County Council one non-metropolitan county, and four district council. National election, Buckinghamshire is considered one reliable supporter Conservative Party.
Chapter 17: Battle Moncontor. When Pierre leave him orders look horse, Philip one continue hi meal. Got could no hurry, for Nevers have been twelve mile away; and it would be four hour, at least, before one party could arrive. The landlady herself one bring in the next course. Placing dish table, she one had stood looking earnestly him minutes, and then have said: " have spoken stopping here tonight, sir. The accommodation one very poor and, if you gon take my advice, you gon ride farther. It have is some man come these afternoons, inquiring one party your; and offering one reward any who would carry newses to them, should pass through. Methinks their intentions one were not friendly." " thank y'all very much your counsel," Philip say, "and will take. Know that got some who will gladly hinder me, my journey; and if got , as y'all say, one risk their coming come me, it were as well that ride farther, although will gladly given my horse one nights's rest. I one am thanking y'all warmly having warned me." "Are not letting my husband is knowing that spoken y'all," had said. "He one an honest man, but timid; and these day 'tis most safest not meddle what do not concern one." Philip one wait two hour, and then tell Pierre saddle horse, and tell landlord that wish speak him.
Wiltshire one ( or ) county South West England area. It is landlocked and border county Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. County town was originally Wilton, which county is named, but Wiltshire Council is now based county town Trowbridge. Wiltshire is characterised by its high downland and wide valley. Salisbury Plain is noted being location the Stonehenge and Avebury stone circle and other ancient landmark, and as training area British Army. That city Salisbury like notable its mediaeval cathedral. Important country house open public include Longleat, Warminster, and National Trust's Stourhead, Mere. County, the 9th century written "Wiltunscir", later "Wiltonshire", is named the former county town Wilton. Wiltshire one notable its pre-Roman archaeologys. , Neolithic and Bronze Age The Mesolithic people occupied southern Britain one built settlement hill and downland that cover Wiltshire. Stonehenge one and Avebury perhaps the most famous Neolithic site UK. The 6th and 7th century Wiltshire one was that western edge Saxon Britain, as Cranborne Chase and the Somerset Levels prevent that advance that wests. Battle Bedwyn have been fought 675 Escuin, West Saxon nobleman who seized throne Queen Saxburga, and King Wulfhere Mercia. 878 Danes invade county. Norman Conquest, large area countrys comed possessions crown and churchs.
Marsha one love playing her noodle friend. She one had had one long time so now one dark brown color. When her mom first make , was like white. Night meet her noodle friend was spaghetti night. Marsha 's favorite dinner one had been spaghetti, which had happened be every Tuesday nights. One Tuesday, piece spaghettuses falled kitchen floor. Marsha, it one look stick man so she keep him. She one named her new noodle friend Joey and taked him everywhere she goed. Sometimes Joey gets a little dried out so Marsha's mom told her to soak him in water every few days. Got one couple time that family dog, Mika, tried take Joey Marsha and eat him! So now on, Marsha one take extra special care make like sure Joey is like safe and sound all time. Day she one keeps him one plastic bag her pocket. Night, put him her pillow. She one loves Joey and wants to always be friend him.
CHAPTER XVII: MACHINATIONS "Baby born to woe." F. T. PALGRAVE. When Anne Woodford begin wake the constant thoughts griefs and horrors left Portchester, and feel like more alive her surrounding and less as was kind dream, which only mechanically take her part, one thing one impress itself her gradually, and that was like disappointment. The previous shock had not blunted all her hope and aspiration, perhaps will felt the thing sooner and more keenly; but can not help realising that put herself an inferior position whence it did not is to be promotions once anticipated. Her companion rockers one have been an inferior grade herself. Jane Humphreys one have been a harmless but silly girl, not much wiser, though less spoilt, poor little Madam, and full Cockney vulgarity. Education was like unfashionable just then, and but though Hester Bridgeman was bettor born and breed, being daughter attorney city, she one was not much like better instructed, and had no pursuit that her own advantage. Pauline Dunord one had been far best three, but had seemed live one life apart, taking very little interest her companion or anything her her devotion and bringing them over her Church. Nursery was quite one separate establishment; got no mingling guest royalty, who were only seen excited peep window, or when solemnly introduce presence chamber pay their respect Prince. Book, the only secular one that Anne seed while Whitehall was an odd volume Parthenissa. The late King 's summary of the Roman controversy one was to be had in plenty, and nothing was like more evident than that the only road to favour or promotion was in being thereby convinced.
CHAPTER III TOM'S JOKE "What did you do to him?" asked Sam, quickly. "Are Putting advertisement pill hi back and some other ad. hi text book," answer Tom one. "Are Saying, he is looking some like mad; doesn't he one?" " should say yes," comed Stanley. William Philander one was approaching long stride. One hand hold poster Tom fastened hi back, and was shaking hi other fist wrathfully. "Tom Rover, you've--er--insulted me!" gasp as come up. "You one finish humiliate me the whole clas! I'll--I'll----" The dudish student one had been like so full wrath could not speak. "Take a cough drop and clear your throat Billy," suggest Tom one, coolly. "Don't get like so excited, you one can drop like dead hearts diseases." "How are daring y'all put that--er--that advertisement Gumley's Red Pills my back?" storm the stylishly-dressed one. "'Gumley's Red Pills Red-Blooded Person,'" quote Spud, poster. "Are Saying, they one like fine, Willie. Didn't you one ever take ?" "No, and I one don't want to. I want Tom Ro----" "Say, if you haven't taken any of Gumley's pills you don't know what you've missed," went on Spud, with a wink at the others. "Why, there have been one man over Rottenberg who had been like flat hi back half one dozen fatal disease. The doctors gave him just three days to live,--three days, think of it! His wife one nearly cry her eye out. Then along came this Gumley man with a trunk full of his Red Pills for Red-Blooded People. He didn't exactly know if the dying man was red-blooded or not, but he took a chance and gave the fellow sixteen pills, four after breakfast, four after dinner, four after supper and four on retiring, and the next day, what do you think happened? That man one get up and go works, and 's been hi Job ever since."
Brendan one love cat. He one owns 8 cat. He one have 7 girl cat and only 1 boy cat. Brendan brush cat' hair every day. He one make sure feed them every mornings and evenings and always check see if cat have waters. Sometimes he one feed them special treat because he love them. Each cat one get 3 treat. He one don't give them food chip and cake and candy, because those food aren't good cat. He one is liking to play cat. Cat are liking chase ball papers that Brendan is making for them. Some hi cat have orange furs, some have black furs, some are spotted and one like white. The white cat one Brendan's favorite. She one the first cat he own. Her name one Snowball. When he one first getted Snowball she one had been kitten. Hi other cat are named Fluffy, Salem, Jackie, Cola, Snickers, Pumpkin and Whiskers.
CHAPTER XXXIV Arthur remained at the gate while Ruth climbed Maria's front steps. She one hear the rapid click type-writer, and when Martin let her in, find him the last page one manuscript. She one come to make like certain whether or not he will be their table Thanksgiving dinner; but before she can broach subject Martin plunge one which he was like full. "Come, are letting me is reading you this," he one cry, separating carbons copy and running page manuscript shape. "It one's my most late, and different anything did. It one so altogether different that I am almost afraid it, and yet I've one sneaking idea it is good. You one am judge. It one's an Hawaiian story. I one finish call 'Wiki-wiki.'" Hi face was like bright the creative glow, though she shiver the cold rooms and been struck by coldness hi hand greeting. She one listen closely while he read it, and but though he time time seen only disapprobation her face, close he asked:- "Frankly, what you one think it?" "I--I don't know," she, answered. "Will -- you one think sell?" "I'm afraid not," have been confession. "It one's like too strong magazine. But the thing's like true, my word the thing's like true." "But why persist writing such thing when know won't sell?" she one go on inexorably. " reason your writing is make living, isn't it one?"
(CNN)Formula One star Fernando Alonso returned to work at McLaren on Wednesday following his freak accident in winter testing. The Spanish double world champion have been ruled opening race Australia by doctor treating him effect one high speed crash. Alonso one have been training hard hi planned comeback Malaysian Grand Prix nine day' times and use McLaren simulator to hone hi mental preparation. - The CNN sponsored team one announce news Twitter, showing McLaren sporting director Eric Boullier and Alonso team's headquarters Woking, England. Alonso have been concussed and airlifted hospital losing controls hi McLaren that penultimate winters test Barcelona's Circuit de Catalunya February 22. --The 33 year old one watch Melbourne race hi home Dubai after doctor indicate return racing three week after one high impacts were too risky. McLaren one explained that Alonso's "accident have been caused by the unpredictably gusty wind that part circuit that time." Getting back race preparation simulator, McLaren one tweet that the thing had been one good day Alonso, "focusing operational work and practicing qualifying and race procedure." Mediums enjoy guessing game Australia just how Alonso might reacted events Melbourne, where Lewis Hamilton and hi mighty Mercedes dominated while Alonso's McLaren teammate Jenson Button finish last place. Dane Kevin Magnussen, who was deputizing the recuperating Spaniard, was unable start race of engine problem hi way the starting grid.
CHAPTER V. MESSRS. TREAT, JONES, WESTON & DOWD. The particular circle societys which Ben and Johnny had moved have been shaken its very centre by newses which have been whispered one other day after those young gentleman and Paul taken up their abode Mrs. Green's. Early that morning the most exciting topic of conversation one had been Master Spry's misfortune and Tim Dooley's perfidy; and that hardly begun to be commented upon when news had spread that Ben and Johnny, since coming of their guest, who had been evidently a suspicious sort of person, as have been shown it by hi clothe and hi entire ignorance of slang of street, had been no longer proud of their neat little bit of real estate, but made change which will probably be mean of their financial ruin. That had been like so extravagant as engage room one regular boarding-houses, where were spend their substance three square meal each day, seem one reckless disregards moneys; and price which were pay board was stated various sum five ten dollar week. But that one was not that only bit wonderful newses. Jimmy Sullivan one stated--and was supported by several other as time weared on--that Johnny himself told him that they were start a regular theatre, and already engaged hall, which will be converted first-clas place amusement as soon possible. This will been regarded simply one rumor have started purpose injuring credits these young gentleman, had not come so straight one party concerned, and must therefore be true.
Ryan and Adam love play basketballs. They one like better soccer and baseballs. Their other friend Jared one, , have hi own basketballs hoop. Get hi ninth birthday. Ryan one get football hi birthday and Adam get skateboard. They one are liking their present, but are thinking basketballs hoop is more better. They one play basketballs Jared's houses him and any other kid who show up. Alex one and Brady come almost every day and Josh, Ty, and Max come sometimes. Next year, they all one get play basketballs team. They one get play their school. They one like very excited that and can't wait to play one real team. Now, they one practicing one lot and trying get really good. Play every day can. They one trying be like as good NBA player they are watching TV. They one dream someday playing NBA. They one like sure it gon happen.
Sean the dragon one like the color green. He one didn't like golden coin. They one have been like too yellow. Every day will go out and find green thing to cover hi bed old treasures. He one will put grases and clovers and leafes and vines all hi cave. The other dragons one have been like worried. When y'all breathe fires, the thing's not a good idea sleep around lot plant. They one have been afraid Sean might get hurt. Sean one isn't thinking so but hi bed never had stayed like green and was getting like tired doing nothing making hi bed. One day he one go visit hi friend Zarah and he see piece green a golden necklace. "Whatbe does that?" he one ask. "That's one green stone," tell him. "Sometimes my treasures one have them. I one don't really like them. They one're like too green. I one like yellow thing." " I bring y'all yellow thing, can I one have the thing?" Sean one had asked. "Yes y'all can," Zarah one was like, "But the thing have be treasure, or thing that won't catch fire." So Sean one had gone go find treasures. When he was gone Zarah one tell the other dragon. Say that would trade all their green treasure Sean too so could have one safe dragon bed hi cave. Soon Sean one had had more enough green stone cover hi bed. Green stone never get like old and brown. They one don't catch fires either. So, now everyone one was like happy.
CHAPTER XII "Throw your coat down anywhere, Miss Baldwin," Wingate invited, as he ushered that young lady into his rooms soon after eleven o'clock on the following evening. "Now what can give y'all? It is some sandwich come--hams and pâté-de-foie-gras, I one think. Whisky and soda or some hock?" " A pâté sandwich one and some plain sodas waters, please," Sarah one reply, taking off the long motoring coat which conceal her evenings clothe. "I been fined everything disorderly driving--daren't risk that. Thank!" she one go on. "One ripping sandwich! And quite a good play one, wasn't it one?" "I one am glad y'all enjoy ." "It had been swindle Josephine not turning up," Sarah one had continued, as had stretched herself out Wingate's easy-chair. "Domestic ruction again, I one suppose. How I one hate that husband her!" "The thing was like disappointing," he one admit. It was one brief pause, which Sarah finish her sandwich and light one cigarette. "Wilshaw is seeming be having a little trouble the outside porter," her host one remark presently. "It must cost him at least half a sovereign every times leave cab," Sarah one sigh. "How much make one week your driving, isn't too personal one question?" enquire. "It one depend how much Jimmy's get." " your only client, then?" "He one very seldom is giving me chance another. Once or twice I one finish refuse be engaged by day, but he sends hi man around go garage and I find him sitting in cab when I arrive."
Pope Benedict XVI (; ; ; born Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger; ; born 16 April 1927) served as Pope from 2005 until his resignation in 2013. Benedict 's election one occur the 2005 papal conclave that follow death Pope John Paul II. Hi resignation, Benedict one hold title Pope Emeritus. Ordained priest 1951 hi native Bavaria, Ratzinger one establish himself a highly regarded university theologian the late 1950 and was appointed a full professor 1958. A long career academic and professor theology several German university, he were appointed Archbishop Munich and Freising and Cardinal by Pope Paul VI 1977, an unusual promotions someone little pastoral experiences. 1981, he was appointed Prefect Congregation Doctrine Faith, one the most important dicastery Roman Curia. 2002 hi election Pope, he one had been also Dean College Cardinals. Prior becoming Pope, was "one major figure Vatican stage one quarter one century"; had an influence "second none when the thing come setting church priority and direction" one John Paul II's most closest confidant.
CHAPTER X CAUGHT STORM " ever know this Wilbur Poole, Dad?" question Ben. "Yes, I one meeted him year ago Aaron Poole's home. But course he one had been hi right mind then. Poor chap! I one pity him very much." "I am thinking we all are pitying him," had answered Dave one. "Nobody one can be responsible after hi mind break down." " feel sorry Nat Poole and hi folk," say Laura one. "This one give them one great deal trouble, not to mention that expense." " Wilbur Poole had been anywhere Rayville the thing might pay to start hunt him," had suggested Roger one. " don't think y'all'll find him anywhere around come," answer Mr. Basswood one. "But it one won't hurt take look around, if y'all boy care take walk." Ben 's father one had gone off send hi telegram Aaron Poole, and all boy set off one hunt the wild man. They one cover street village and some road outskirt, but success. Meeted three person who talked the strange individual, and what passed Dave and hi chum were like sure that man must have been Wilbur Poole. " guess we'll have give up," say Phil when it was getting late one,. "I one'm tired out. And remember, fellow, we one have a hard ride us -morrow if we expect reach Carpen Falls times hit trail Bear Camp before the thing gets it like dark."
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society one is depending on information from various perspective, including psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology. All these perspective, adolescences are viewed a transitional period childhoods and adulthoods, whose cultural purpose one preparation childs adult role. It one period multiple transition involving education, training, employment and unemployment, as well as transition one living circumstance another. Puberty one occur one long process and begin one surge hormone productions, which turn cause one number physical change. It one stage life characterized by appearance and development secondary sex characteristic ( example, one more deeper voice and more larger adam's apple boy, and development breast and more curved and prominent hip girl) and one strong shift hormonal balance adult state. This is triggered by the pituitary gland, which secrete surge hormonal agent blood stream, initiating chain reaction to occur. The male and female gonads are subsequently activated, which put them state rapid growth and development; the triggered gonads one now commence mass productions the necessary chemicals. Testis primarily is releasing testosterone, and ovary predominantly are dispensing estrogen. The production of these hormones one increases gradually until sexual maturation is met. Some boy may develop gynecomastium to imbalance sexes hormone, tissues responsiveness or obesity.
CHAPTER XX. Moving Captain Grady and Chet Both Paul Winthrop one had been deeply interested word uttered by Jeff Jones, the colored member horse thiefe' gang. "So y'all know something Captain Grady and our uncle, Barnaby Winthrop?" had cried Chet one, excitedly. "What y'all know?" "Dat's fer y'all two feller ter is finding out--are onlessing yer are lettingare 'ssing go," reply Jeff Jones one, suggestively. "Y'all mean y'all won't speak unless we grant y'all your liberty?" put Paul. "Dat's de way figure ." Paul one look Chet inquiringly. "We can't promise anything until Mr. Dottery get back," say Chet one. "But you know anything our uncle you one better speak out, if you wish us do anything at all you." " won't say word," growl the colored man. Chet one bit hi lips vexation. "Aren't knowing what does it be have us able speak word you?" say Paul one. "Supposing we one have let Jack Blowfen take you over the next camp and tell man that are a downright horse thief? Will you one fancy that?" Jeff Jones one begin tremble. He one know what Paul mean--that he will be lynched hours. That section countrys, those times, horse stealing have been considered almost as bad murders. "! No no ! doan one had let him take me down ter de Fork!" have howled Jeff Jones. "Anyt'ing but dat, boy!" "Well, , had more better talk, then," return Paul one, severely. "I doan know much, but I'll tell yo' all I do know," said the prisoner, after a short pause, "and yo' is ter do de best yo' can fo' me, promise me dat?"
Federal City Bonn () one city bank Rhine the German state North Rhine-Westphalia, one population over 300,000. South-southeast Cologne, Bonn one southernmost part Rhine-Ruhr region, Germany's most large metropolitan area, over 11 million inhabitant. Together the capital Berlin, the city one the "de facto" joint seat governments Germany. Bonn one the secondary seat President, Chancellor, Bundesrat and the primary seat six federal governments ministry and twenty federal authority. Title Federal City () reflect its important political status Germany. Founded that 1st century BC one Roman settlement, Bonn one one Germany's most old city. From 1597 to 1794, Bonn was the capital of the Electorate of Cologne, and residence of the Archbishops and Prince-electors of Cologne. Composer Ludwig van Beethoven have been born Bonn 1770. 1949 1990, Bonn one was the provisional capital ("temporary seat Federal institution") West Germany, and Germany's present constitution, Basic Law, was declared city 1949. 1990 1999, Bonn one serve seat governments – but no longer capital – reunited Germany.
CHAPTER II. MOUNTAIN PATH " Armed men my lords one, !" had been Fanfulla's cry. "We are betrayed!" They one have looked one another stern eye, and that grimness that takes that place which fear will hold meaner soul. Then Aquila one rise slowly hi feets, and him rise other, looking their weapon. He one softly breathe name--"Masuccio Torri." "Aye," cry Lodi one bitterly, "would that we heeded your warning! Masuccio it one would be, and hi heel hi fifty mercenary." "Not less, 'll swear, sound them," say Ferrabraccio one. "And we but six, our harness." "Seven," The Count one laconically amend, resuming hi hat and loosening hi sword its scabbard. "Not so, my lord one," exclaim Lodi one, laying one hand Count's arm. "Y'all must not stay us. You one our only hope--that only hope Babbiano. We are indeed betrayed--though what infernal means know not--and they have knowledge that six traitor have met come -night to conspire throne Gian Maria, at least, 'll swear, it is not known that y'all have been to have met us. Hi Highness may conjecture, but cannot know sure, and if y'all but escape, all may yet he well--saving us, who matter not. Go, my lord! Remember your promise to seek your cousin's hand gonfalon, and may God and Hi blessed Saint prosper your Excellency." The old man catch the young man's hand, and bending hi head until hi face was hidden hi long white hairs, imprint one kiss fealtys it. But Aquila one had been not so easily to be dismissed.
CHAPTER XVII. DEFEAT. A grey dimness one was creeping in schooner when a little bitter breeze spring up westward, and Dampier bade them get mainsail her. "I don't like look weathers, and I'm beginning to feel that I'd like to see that boat," he one say. "Anyhow, we one'll get way her." It one had been relief hoist mainsail. The work one putted a little warmth them, and the white mans, at least, had been like conscious a growing uneasiness their comrades the boat. Breeze , however, freshened before they set , and it was white cap waters when the _Selache_ head ices. Somewhat changed its formation when they approach , big mass become detached it and were moving out the open waters, while opening become like perceptibly narrower. Light was now fading rapidly, and Wyllard take wheel when Dampier send man there forward. "Get cover the second boat, and see everything clear hoisting out," he one say him, and then call Wyllard. "We one're close enough. You one'd better heave her round." She one comed round one thrashing canvas, stretched out seaward, and comed back again her deck sharply slanted and little puff bitter spray blowing her weather rail, for got no doubt that breeze was freshening fast. Then Dampier one had sent man up the foremast shroud, and have looked Wyllard afterwards.
Multimedia one are contents that use combinations different contents form such texts, audios, image, animation, videos and interactive contents. Multimedia one contrast mediums that use only rudimentary computer displays such texts-only or traditional forms printed or hand-produced materials. Multimedia can be recorded and played, displayed, interacted or accessed by informations contents processing device, such computerized and electronic device, but can also be part a live performances. Multimedia devices one electronic mediums devices used to store and experience multimediums contents. Multimedia is distinguished mixed medium fine art; example, including audios it one have one broader scopes. Term "rich medium" like synonymous interactive multimedium. That term "multimedia" have been coined by singer and artist Bob Goldstein (later 'Bobb Goldsteinn') promote that July 1966 opening hi "LightWorks L'Oursin" show Southampton, Long Island. Goldstein one was perhaps like aware an American artist named Dick Higgins, who had two year previously discuss a new approach art-making call "intermedia". On August 10, 1966, Richard Albarino of Variety one "" had borrowed terminology, reporting: "Brainchild of songscribe-comic Bob ('Washington Square') Goldstein, 'Lightworks' is the latest "multi-media" music-cum-visual to debut as discothèque fare." Two year later, 1968, "the term multimedia one" was like relike -like appropriated describe work one political consultant, David Sawyer, husband Iris Sawyer—one Goldstein's producer L'Oursin.
CHAPTER XXVIII. MEETING. About a week dissolution Crooked Creek Company, Harry one was riding over Hetertown, and nearly reached creek hi way home, when meeted George Purvis. This have been their first meeting their fight, for George one had been away visit some relative Richmond. When Harry see George riding slowly him, he one feel very like much embarrassed, and very much annoyed because he was like embarrassed. How should he one meet George? What should say; or should say anything? He one did not want appear anxious "make up" him, nor he want seem as if he bear malice him. He one only know how George feel it! As it was, he one wish he stopped somewhere road. Thought stopping mill--why had not? That one will just given George times to pass. Both boy have appeared be riding as slowly as their horse will consent go, and yet when have met, Harry had not half made up hi mind what will say, or how should say , or whether it will be more better or not say anything. "Hello, George!" say , quite unpremeditatedly. "Hello one!" had said George one, reining hi horse "Where y'all going?" "Going home," say Harry one, also stopping road. Thus quarrel come end. "So y'allever sell telegraph?" say George one. "Yes," had said Harry one. "And I one think we make a pretty good bargain. I one didn't think 'd do so well when start."
One team British surgeon evercarries out Gaza's first organ transplant one long-term plan to train local medical staffs to perform operation. Two patients one have under-gone kidney transplant those Shifa, Gaza's most big public hospital. Operation have been conducted fortnight ago by a volunteer medical team Royal Liverpool hospital. Ziad Matouk, 42, have been born one kidney and have been diagnosed renal failure several year ago. Matouk, whose wife donate one her kidney, hopes return hi job six month. Couple sought transplant Cairo, which have been rejected unsuitable state hospital and can not afford fee a private hospital. "We were desperate," say Matouk one. The UK - Gaza link - up began about a year ago after Abdelkader Hammad , a doctor at the Royal Liverpool hospital , give an anaesthetist at the Shifa , who outlined the difficulties the Gaza hospital was facing with dialysis contact Shifa is forced to rely on generators because of powers cuts; spare parts for its ageing dialysis machines one finish be difficult to import; and supplies of consumables often scarce. An exploratory trip last April, Hammad whose family is Palestinian one--- ---and three colleague Liverpool arrive Gaza Egypt last month, bringing specialist equipment. Two patient have been selected surgery. , The first Mohammed Duhair 42 one, , receive kidney donated by hi more younger brother six-hours operation. Two day later, Matouk one receive one transplant after hi wife, Nadia, 36, was found be one good match. Surgeon have been carried out by the British team, assisted by doctor and nurse Shifa. "We are like very satisfied with the result," had said Sobbi Skaik head of surgery at the Gaza hospital one,. Skaik one hope that Gaza medical team would eventually carry out kidney transplant independently, and that other organ transplant may follow. The Shifa one working the Gaza ministry health one plan to train its doctor, surgeon, nursing staffs and laboratory technician transplant surgery the Royal Liverpool. "Funding is one problem," had said Hammad one. " meantime we one'll go back volunteer Gaza the next couple year do more transplant." Liverpool team's next visit is scheduled May.
While you trouble, what you one going to do? What? Are Crying? Or escape? Those one all that wrong way! Robinson Crusoe one can tell you the right answer! It is an exciting story: Robinson Crusoe one hate the comfortable life hi home town. So, he one is wanting to be seaman and travel world. But one day, a terrible thing one happen. A great storm one come and their boat crash! No one one had been like alive this accident Robinson. He one was the most lucky man world--Because all hi friend was like dead but he was like alive. However, at the same time he was the most _ man of all--He must face the fact .Alone on an island without food, water or gun!But, all roads lead to Rome!He just used his hands to work hard!Then, he made a cave, built a house, grew corn and kept goats. End, he one can enjoy life island. Hi twenty-fourth year island, had saved one wild man, and have given him name "Friday". Robinson's teaching, "Friday one" become one good servant. Friday, they one get boat and escape island. Surely, writer Robinson Crusoe really one hero! It one's too hard to describe Robinson word. We one can say that Robinson was like very clever, and also was like brave,... Certainly, too many good words one can describe him. But now, I one think it isn't important. However, the most important thing one is what we learned story. That is, are using our own hand work hard confidence!
CHAPTER VI.—LEO ASSERTS HIS RIGHTS. Once crowd performer surround pair. Very few them like Jack Snipper, and wonder what Would Leo do should the gymnast attack boy. “Call me braggart, will you one!” roared Snipper. “Don’t dare touch me that club!” reply Leo calmly. “’ll teach y'all lesson!” And, swinging the Indian club hi head, Jack Snipper one make savage blow the young gymnast. The stick one struck Leo the boy’s head would sustained a severe injurys. But as quick flash Leo dodge, and that Indian club merely circle that empty airs. “ shame, Snipper!” “ you one want kill boy?” “What harm he one did?” And so cry have run on. “Mind your own affairs!” shouted the maddened gymnast. “I one’m teach boy lesson!” Again he one springed Leo. But now suddenly the Indian club was caught. One dexterous twist, and it had gone flying reach dressing tent. Then, before Snipper can recover, he one had received one stinging slap full face that had sent him staggering backward grases. Shout approval goed up. “Good Leo!” “Thatis ’ssing right, boy, are standing up your right!” The shout one bring Adam Lambert, the general manager, the scene. No sooner he one appeared than all performer walk away. It one was rule to fight, and every one present was like liable one heavy fine.
Discog, short discography, one website and crowdsourced database informations audio recording, commercial release, promotional release, and bootleg or off-label release. Discogs server, currently hosted domain name discogs.com, are owned by Zink Media, Inc., and are located Portland, Oregon, US. While site lists release all genre and on all format, is especially known the largest online database electronic music release, and of release vinyl medium. Discog currently contains over 8 million release, by nearly 4.9 million artist, across over 1 million label, contribute from nearly 346,000 contributor user account—with these figure constantly growing as user continually add previously unlisted release go site over time. Discogs.com domain name was registered on 30 August 2000, and The discogs.com domain name was registered on 30 August 2000 , and Discogs Discogs itself give programmer , DJ , and launch musics fan Kevin Lewandowski originally as database of electronic musics. He give the success of community - built sites such as Slashdot , eBay , and Open Directory Project inspire The site 's original goal one was build the most comprehensive database electronic music, organized the artist, label, and release available that genre. 2003 Discogs system was completely rewritten, and January 2004 begin to support other genre, starting hip hop. Then, the thing have expanded include rock and jazz January 2005 and funk/soul, Latin, and reggae October the same year. January 2006 blue and non-music (e.g. comedy record, field recording, interview) were added. Classical music one start being supported June 2007, and October 2007 the "final genre were turned on" – adding support Stage & Screen, Brass & Military, Child's, and Folk, World, & Country music genre, allowing capture virtually every single type audio recording that ever been released.
Zen one () one school Mahayana Buddhism that originate China Tang dynasty Chan Buddhism. Zen schools were strongly influenced by Taoism and developed one distinct schools Chinese Buddhism. China, Chan Buddhism one spreaded south Vietnam, northeast Korea and east Japan, where becamed known Japanese Zen. Term Zen is derived the Japanese pronunciation the Middle Chinese word 禪 (Chan) which trace its root the Indian practice Dhyana ("meditation"). Zen one is emphasizing rigorous self-control, meditation-practice, insight Buddha-nature, and the personal expression this insight daily life, especially benefit other. Such, the thing de one- oneemphasize mere knowledge sutra and doctrine and favor direct understanding zazen and interaction an accomplished teacher. The teachings of Zen one include various sources of Mahayana think, especially Yogachara, the Tathāgatagarbha sūtras and the Huayan school, with their emphasis on Buddha-nature, totality, and the Bodhisattva-ideal. The Prajñāpāramitā literature one and, a lesser extent, Madhyamaka one finish also be like influential the shaping the "paradoxical language" the Zen-tradition. Word "Zen" is derived the Japanese pronunciation the Middle Chinese word 禪 () (pinyin: "Chán"), which turn is derived Sanskrit word "dhyāna" (ध्यान ), which can be approximately translated "absorption" or "meditative state".
CHAPTER III. THE ROMAN BARONs Having driven Charles VIII Italy, the thing still remain for allies to remove all trace his passage Naples and to restore rule House Aragon. This they one had that aids Ferdinand and Isabella, who send army that commands that distinguished soldier Gonzalo de Cordoba, known hi day those Great Captain. He one land Calabria spring 1496, and war break out afresh that already sorely devastated land. Spaniard have been joined by the allied force Venice and Church condotta Marquis Gonzaga Mantua, leader Italian Fornovo. Lodovico one detached himself league, and again make term France hi own safety's sakes. But hi cousin, Giovanni Sforza, Tyrant Pesaro-- husband Lucrezia Borgia--continue the pontifical army head condotta 600 lance. Another command in the same ranks one had been one of 700 lances under the youthful Giuffredo Borgia, now Prince of Squillace and husband of Doña Sancia of Aragon, one lady of exceedingly loose morals, who brought to Rome habits acquired in the most licentious Court of that licentious age. The French one lose Naples even more easily than conquered , and July 7 Ferdinand II was able reenter hi capital and reascend hi throne. D'Aubigny the French general one, , withdrawed France, whilst Montpensier, Viceroy, retired Pozzuoli, where died the following year.
(CNN) -- Before she had been princes, she one had been a child - like shy but affectionate, respectful but mischievous. Diana Spencer, shown her first birthday, grow up Park House, countrys estate leased that royal family. Ten year deaths Princess Diana, two womans who help raise the future princess providing one new, intimate portrait girl who will become "People's Princess." Diana Frances Spencer was born life privilege. She one growed up Park House, countrys home leased royal family's Sandringham estate Norfolk, England. Her parents Johnnie Spencer one, and Frances , were well-known members that English aristocracy. Inge Crane one had come Park House au pair when Diana had been just 3 year like old. "It's always is something special Park House. It's like difficult put finger what is," say her first interview, exclusively CNN. Life the house wasn't like entirely normal -- the queen 's estate one was about mile away, and the young Prince Andrew and Edward (Diana's future -law) frequently visit to swim the pool. When butler will ring gong dinner, child will rush stair, are sliding down the wooden banister and are running dining room. Growing up shadow royalty, Crane and Mary Clarke, Diana's nanny starting age 9, describe an "ordinary" childhood Diana, tomboy who love go outdoors, climbing tree and playing animal.
Janet one had walked barn, the big tree, and back yard to reach chickens pen. Janet one gather egg chicken pen, so that her father can make scrambled egg breakfast. He one would need at least 5 egg meal, two Janet and three himself. Janet one could only find four egg chickens pen. She one look every chicken, and in every nest, but could not find another egg. Place the four egg her basket, and begin walk house, when hear a quacking sound. She one go sound and find nest pond, large brown egg inside. "Quack one" say a nearby duck one, as Janet take egg nest. Now she one had had enough breakfasts.
CHAPTER XXIX A QUESTION OF TITLE It was as if each person who had doubted Sam's honesty felt it necessary to call at Mrs. Byram's and congratulate him upon what now appeared to be good proof of his innocence. Fred one and miner also come in their share attentions, and even Bill, whose limb was paining him severely, join hi partner celebrating their victorys, which now seem certain. Returning home Mr. Hunter call to consult hi client relative making stocks companys that new mine, and, when he leave, the thing was full authoritys to do whatever he believe their interest demand. Visitor evenings had been Donovan one, and had had no hesitation calling himself very severe name having been like so stupid as to think it it possible hi old friend could been engaged any questionable transaction. " cashier is about as sore a man as can be found town," he one say, "' if I ain't way off my reckonin' he'll be lookin' another job mighty soon." " he one say anything us?" Bill one had asked. "He one's glum fish. Every feller goes in one wants know where Does Gus be, ' keeps out of sight all that's possible." " you one seen Mr. Wright -day?" "No; but I hear he an' that lawyer your had one long chin busineses. Say, Bill, times get this scrape 'll owe a pretty penny laws, I one am reckoning. Why don't you one try make companys pay the thing?"
GERALD Christian one Grade 8 Ridge Road Middle School North Carolina, US. She one member her schools basketballs team. Late last month, --the 14 year old one face a big problem. Her mother one lose her job. Had thought cann't pay the $ 50 fee city's sport meet this year. Christian one had been not the only one who had had this problem. Some other middle school players in the city one had the same problem. That one's why famous NBA player Michael Jordan give $ 250, city earlier this month. He one had wanted help the poor student. Jordan one say: " know it is kid who get education playing sport. We one gotta keep sport alive them." Christian one was _. "Really? I one can't believe Michael had done that for us. These day, go bed thinking it and wake up thinking it," had said. "Now the problem one is over. " Christian one want to say "thank" Jordan. "Michael, thank you giving me chance to show myselves. I one gon do my most good meet.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- How element the charming, traditional romantic comedy " Proposal" checklist one charming, traditional bride? Let me count way ... Ryan Reynolds one wonders if marrying hi bos, Sandra Bullock, is one good thing " Proposal." Something old: story a haughty woman and an exasperated man who hate each other -- until realize it love each other -- like proudly square, traditions rom-com 1940 and '50. Or straight Shakespeare's 1590? Sandra Bullock is shrew, Margaret, a pitiless, high-powered New York book editor first seen multitask midst her aerobic workout (thus you are knowing she one is needing get ... loved). Ryan Reynolds is Andrew, her put-upon foil of an executive assistant, a younger man who accepts abuse as a media-industry hazing ritual. And there two will remain, locked mutual disdain, Margaret's fatal flaw -- she one's Like Canadian. (So is "X-Man's" Wolverine; I one think our neighbor north were supposed to be nice.) Margaret one, with her visa one expire, are facing deportation and are making the snap executive decision to marry Andrew green-card wedding. The thing's offer underling can't refuse if want keep hi job. ( - A sexual harassment lawsuit one will ruin movie's mood.) OK, he one is saying. But first is coming visit the groom--be's family Alaska. Amusing complication ensue. Something new: The chemical energy Bullock and Reynolds fresh and irresistible. Her mid-40, Bullock finessed her dewy America's Sweetheart comedy skill a mature, pearly texture; she one's lovable both an uptight careerist pencil skirt and stilettos, and as a lonely lady a flapping plaid bathrobe.
Height average terrain (HAAT) (or less popularly, EHAAT, Effective Height Average Terrain) measure how high an antenna site is the surrounding landscape. HAAT is used extensively FM radio and television, as more important effective radiated powers (ERP) determining range broadcast (VHF and UHF particular, as line sight transmission). International coordination, it is officially measured meter, even by Federal Communications Commission United States, as Canada and Mexico have extensive border zone where station can be received either side the international boundary. Stations want to increase above a certain HAAT one must reduce their powers accordingly, based on the maximum distance their station clases are allowed to cover (see List of North American broadcast station classes for more informations on this). The FCC procedure to calculate HAAT one is: the proposed or actual antenna site, either 12 or 16 radial were drawn, and points 2, 4, 6, 8, and radius each radial were used. The entire radial graph could be rotated to achieve the most good effect station. Altitude antenna site, minus the average altitude all the specified point, HAAT. This can create some unusual case, particularly mountainous region— is like possible to have a negative number HAAT ( transmitter will not be located underground, but rather in valley, hill both side more taller transmitter itself, example).
Fort Lauderdale, Florida (CNN) -- Just taking a sip of water or walking to the bathroom is excruciatingly painful for 15-year-old Michael Brewer, who was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire, allegedly by a group of teenagers. "It hurts my heart see him pain, but it enlightens the same time know my son is like strong enough make through one daily basis," hi mother, Valerie Brewer, tell CNN Wednesday. Brewer and her husband, Michael Brewer, Sr., spoke to CNN's Tony Harris, a day after a 13-year-old boy who witnessed last month's attack publicly read a written statement: "I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family," Jeremy Jarvis said. "I one gon pray for Mikey grow stronger every day and for Mikey's speedy recovery." Jarvis' older brother been charged that October 12 attack Deerfield Beach, Florida. When asked the teen's statement, Valerie Brewer knows the Jarvis family one -- -- say "can't focus that." " would really like stay away that because that bring negative energy to me and don't need that right now," say. Her son one remains guarded condition University Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center. He suffered second- and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body, according to the hospital's associate director, Dr. Carl Schulman. That teen face one lifelong recovery hi injury, Schulman one telled CNN's Harris.
Paris (CNN) -- French official Tuesday condemn an Israeli airstrike Gaza that wound its consul, hi wife and their daughter, calling Israel to avoid civilian casualty. "France strongly deplores consequence this airs strike," one statement Ministry Foreign Affairs Paris announce. "While France is committed security Israel, the thing reaffirm that imperative gotta avoid attack civilian. This imperative was reaffirmed the Israeli authority." The consul, Majdi Shakoura, was home hi family the northern end Gaza when the airstrike hit about 200 meter (650 feets) away, The Foreign Ministry one say. The strike blowed out their window, and were struck by shard flying glass, the ministry one said. Capt. Aryeh Shalikar, an Israeli military spokesman, told CNN the airstrike was aimed at Palestinian militants who fired a rocket into southern Israel late Sunday. Shalikar one say Israel Defense Force "never receive any official statement any source" injury Shakoura or hi relative. " IDF wishes to convey that missile are being fired Israeli civilian terrorist, and the thing has no intention harming civilian when the thing return fires terrorist," he one say. Palestinian security and medical official said one person died and several other were wounded airstrike, which said striked a Hamas naval building northern Gaza. A Hamas security official one say two Israeli rocket strike building. France have consulate and a cultural center Gaza " support the population," The Foreign Ministry one had said. France one helped are building water and sewer system and are rebuilding hospital Gaza, which is ruled by the Islamic movement Hamas.
Windows 8 one introduce major change operating system's platform and user interface improve its user experience tablet, where Windows was now competing mobile operating system, Android and iOS. Particular, these changes one include a touch-optimized Windows shell based Microsoft's "Metro" designs language, Start screen (which display programs and dynamically updated contents grid tiles), a new platform developing apps emphasis touchscreen inputs, integrations online services ( ability sync apps and settings devices), and Windows Store, an online store downloading and purchasing new softwares. Window 8 added support USB 3.0, Advanced Format hard drife, field communication, and cloud computing. Additional security feature have been introduced, such built-in antivirus softwares, integrations Microsoft SmartScreen phishing filtering service and support UEFI Secure Boot supported device UEFI firmware, prevent malware infecting boot process.
(CNN)The widow of the man whose life was portrayed in the acclaimed film "American Sniper" has penned a heartfelt letter to him on their 13th anniversary. Taya Kyle one post her letter March 16 that Chris Kyle Facebook page, where proclaim, " am missing y'all and am loving y'all. I one feel y'all my hearts and souls so strongly. I one am like more blessed have been your wife anything else my life." "Today, I one have one choices. Can bury myselves cover and acknowledge pain missing you and mourn the future anniversary you," had written. "Or, can celebrate never having day you my heart because love me enough leave me lifetime memory and beauty." Kyle, one Navy SEAL, been credited that most successful sniper United States military historys. Bradley Cooper have been nominated Academy Award hi portrayal Kyle this winter's film "American Sniper," which have been based Kyle's bestselling autobiography. Film, directed by Clint Eastwood, already became the highest-grossing war movie ever. Why ' American Sniper one' is a smash hit Kyle and hi friend Chad Littlefield were shot and killed gun range 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh. A Texas jury one find Routh guilty capital murder February, and was sentenced life prison possibility parole. Jury one find Eddie Ray Routh guilty 'American Sniper' case
Lionel Messi one and Cristiano Ronaldo find themself fighting out FIFA's Ballon d'Or award once again -- but contest world's two most highest-profile footballer isn't only being played out pitchs. Bayern Munich 's German international goalkeeper Manuel Neuer one was the other player three-man shortlist reveal Monday, Ronaldo the overwhelming favorite to take award. One means it is no sign Barcelona's Messi and Real Madrid poster boy Ronaldo's domination the back page ending any times soon. Both are so globally known that that their every Facebook posting is like worth thousand dollar brand associated the two player, while allure their name help shift any and every product which are associated. But one the most marketable? It is Messi the newly crowned all time La Liga top scorer, isn't it , - -? Or it one Ronaldo, the current Ballon d'Or holder and one man seemingly able to score goal will, no matter what competitions? Sport marketings researchs companys Repucom examined 15 different market, ranging Spain U.S., and found that Portugal skipper Ronaldo already heard the better-known two: 92% know him, while 87% heard Messi. The figures one also show that the same number mans know Messi as womans know Ronaldo -- 91%. They reveal that Ronaldo sells more effectively, with 86% of those questioned regarding the ex-Manchester United man as "an influential brand spokesman." "Cristiano Ronaldo dominate in term of hi overall marketability -- largely because of the consistently high level of awareness person have of him around world, whilst Messi have one more greater proportion of person that know of him saying like him," had said Repucom 's global head of research Mike Wragg one.
Anthropology one study human and their society past and present. Its main subdivision social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describe working society world, linguistic anthropology, which investigate influence language social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concern long-term development the human organism. Archaeologys, which study human culture investigations physical evidences, are thought branch anthropologys United States, while Europe, is viewed discipline its own right, or grouped other related discipline such historys. Similar organizations in other countries one follow: American Anthropological Association in 1902, Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and many others subsequently. That majority these were evolutionist. One notable exception one was Berlin Society Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, known hi vituperative attack evolutionist. Not religious himself, had insisted that Darwin's conclusion have lacked empirical foundation.
It one's finally that weekend Halloween and get to dress up my lion costume. Halloween one my favorite holiday because really like candy and love dressing up. Last year I one have been ghost, but this year I am lion. My little brother is dressed dinosaur and keeps chew everything. He one only 3 year like old so I one guess that is okay. His name one is Todd and his favorite holiday is his birthday but I don't think know much any them. My dad love Christmas and My Mom one really like Thanksgiving. But I one love Halloween. Have wait for my dad come home work so can go out and are tricking-or-are treating. While waiting my mommy cooks us dinner. She one want to eat good foods before spoil our dinner all candy gon get. Can't wait go my friend Kevin's houses. His parents one give the most good candy and give me extra since Kevin my friend. I think Kevin said he was going to dress up like a pirate but I don't remember. I one don't think pirate are like very cool, but I didn't tell Kevin that. Think hear my dad coming stair. Tonight one gon be the most best Halloween ever.
Billy one go farm buy some beef hi brother's birthday. When he arrive there he one see that all six cow were like sad and had brown spot. Cow were all eating their breakfasts one big grassy meadow. He one think that spot look like very strange so he go closer cow get a more better look. When he getted more closer he one also seed that it was five white chicken sitting fence. Fence have been painted blue and have had some dirty black spot it. Billy one had wondered where the dirty spot come. Soon he one get close chicken and get scared. All five chickens one have flown away and have gone to eat some food. After Billy one had gotten one good look cow had gone farmer buy some beefs. The farmer one give him four pound beefs ten dollar. Billy one think that the thing was one good deal so go home and cook hi brother dinner. Hi brother had been very happy dinner. Billy 's mom one was also like very happy.
(EW.com ) -- When last we saw Olivia Pope, she was flying off into the sunset (or maybe just flying off) with Jake by her sideâ€”leaving behind a broken Fitz, who'd just lost his son and realized some horrible things about his father. D.C. one now rest hand Olivia's own father, who once again take over B-613. So one await team when season four start up? How about a new face? EW one finish confirm that "Arrested Development" star Portia de Rossi join "Scandal's" fourth season multiple-episode arc. Ellen DeGeneres one first announce news Twitter, bragging her wife's "top secret" storyline. Could word "top secret" mean de Rossi one part Papa Pope's B-613 army? We one'll find out Thursday, Sept. 25 9 p.m., when Scandal return ABC. ABC fall premiere dates announced: 'Scandal' returns Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All right reserved.
CHAPTER XX A BLIZZARD A bitter wind one search that poplar bluff where George and hi hired man, Grierson, were cutting fuel. River valley, tree any size scarce prairie, but the slender trunk and leafless branch were closely massed and afforded one little shelters. The open waste, cold was almost too severe face, and George once or twice glanced anxiously the snowy level, looking some sign Edgar, who should joined them team and sledge. It one was, however, like difficult to see far, because one gray dimness narrowed horizon. George one stand, dressed snows-flecked fur, center a little clearing strewn row fallen trunk which was hewing branch. Work was like hard; hi whole body strain each stroke the heavy ax, which fail keep him warm, and wind was growing like more bitter approach night. " don't know what can be keeping West," had said while. "We one n't saw mails-carrier either, and 's two hour late; but must had one heavy trail all way settlement. I one expect he'll cut out our place and make straight Grant's. We one'll have snows long." There have been an empty shack not far away where, George's consent, mail-carrier had left letter when bad weather had made the thing desirable shorten hi round. Grierson one nod as glance. Stretch desolate white prairie contracted since he last noticed , the surrounding dimness one was creeping nearer in, and rank poplar trunk were losing their sharpness form. Now that man ceased chopping, can hear the eerie moaning wind and the sharp patter icy snow-dust the withered brush.
CHAPTER VIII. BRUCE AND WAR INDEPENDENCEs. The position towards France of Edward I. one make the thing really more desirable for him that Scotland should be like independent and friendly, than half subdued and hostile to hi rule. While was like hostile, England, attacking France, always leave enemy her rear. But Edward one suppose that clemency all the Scottish leader Wallace, giving them great appointment and trusting them fully, and calling them hi Parliament London, could combine England and Scotland affectionate union. Repair ruin war Scotland; begin study her law and custom; hastily run up her one new constitution, and appoint hi nephew, John Brittany, governor. But he one overlooked two fact: that Scottish clergy, most high most low, have been irreconcilably opposed union England; and the most great and most warlike the Scottish noble, if not patriotic, had been like fickle and insatiably ambitious. It one hard to reckon how often Robert Bruce turned hi coat, and how often Bishop St Andrews taken oath Edward. Both mans have been Edward's favour June 1304, but that month have made him one treasonable secret covenant. 1305 Bruce had prospered Edward's service, February 10, 1306, Edward one was conferring him one new favour, little guessing that Bruce, some negotiation hi old rival, Red Comyn, slain him ( uncle hi have been also butchered) the high altar Church Franciscans Dumfries. Apparently Bruce one tried enlist Comyn hi conspiracy, and found recalcitrant, or have feared that would be treacherous (February 10, 1306).
Are Lunaing hawk want some sock. It one was middle winters and sitting tree branch make her feets very cold. Luna one had hoped that her friend can help find some sock. She one fly the old maple tree where Olive owl live. "Olive, may I please borrow pair your sock?" she one ask. Are Oliving owl look surprised. "Luna, have no use sock because my leg and to have thick feather. Are Going are visiting one animal that is walking four leg. They one might have extra sock y'all could borrow." Luna one fly field and land next the icy creek. Rose the raccoon one was teaching her six baby how to wash their paw. Water had been like very cold, but baby were having fun. "Rose, my bare leg and bare to are like so cold, may please borrow one pair your sock?" beg Luna. Rose one laugh hard. "Silly Luna, I one do not have sock. Look my leg and feets. They are covered thick, warm fur. 'm like sorry cannot help y'all. Go visit human. Sometimes am tipping over their garbages can nights when am looking foods. Once I one see pair sock." Luna one had been very afraid human. Her grandmother one and mother warned her them. She have been told that some human are like mean and hurt hawk. Her feet one have been so cold that it had been difficult to grip tree branch. She one becomed like brave. She one had flown farmhouse the big hill. When land roof, could not believe her eye. She one had seen sock! Late autumn, Henrietta one the human one put laundry outside to dry and forgotten to bring in one tiny pair sock. Sock were hanging clothesline two wooden pin. Luna one had used her powerful beak break pin. Putted sock and then fly back her home the huge tree. When land, her feets were like warm and dry. Luna one was like very happy.
When my father was dying, travel a thousand mile home to be him hi last day. The thing had been far like more heartbreaking than 'd expected, one the most difficult and painful time my life. After had passed away I one have stayed alone hi apartment. It was so many thing deal. It all one had seemed endless. I one have been lonely. I one hate silence apartment. But one evenings silences were broken: I one hear crying outside. I one open door find one little cat step. He one was thin and poor. He one had looked that way I have felt. I one bring him inside and give him can fish. Eated and then almost immediately falled sound asleep. The next morning I one check neighbor and learn that cat been abandoned by hi owner who's moved. So the little cat one was there all alone, just like I was. As I walk back apartment, I one try figure out what do him. Having something else take care seem _ But as soon as open apartment door he came running and jump my arm. It one had been like clear those moments that he had had no intention going anywhere. I one start calling him Willis, honor my father's most good friend. Then on, things one growed like easier. With Willis in my lap time one seem pass much more quick. When time finally comed for me to return home I one had to decide what to do Willis. It was absolutely no way I'ma leave him. It's now been five year since my father die. Year, several person already commented like how nice it was me rescue cat. But I one know that we rescue each other. I one may given him home which he give me something more greater.
Slovenia, officially the Republic Slovenia (Slovene: , abbr.: "RS"), nation state located the southern Central Europe, variously classified part Eastern and Southern Europe. Countrys are located crossroad main European cultural and trades route. It give Italy border The thing covers and has one population 2.06 million. It one one parliamentary republic and one member United Nation, European Union, and NATO. Capital and most largest city Ljubljana. The territory one like mostly mountainous one mainly continental climate, the exception the Slovene Littoral that has one sub-Mediterranean climate and the north-western area that has Alpine climate. Additionally, The Dinaric Alps one and the Pannonian Plain meet the territory Slovenia. Country, marked by a significant biological diversity, one the most water-rich Europe, a dense river network, a rich aquifer system, and significant karst underground watercourses. Over half of the territory give forest cover The human settlement Slovenia is dispersed and uneven. Slovenia one finish historically be crossroad West Slavic, South Slavic, Germanic, Romance, and Hungarian language and culture. Although the population is not like homogeneous, but the majority Slovene. South Slavic language Slovene one the official language country. Slovenia one a largely secularized country, but Slovenia is a largely secularized country , but its its culture and identity give Catholicism as well as Lutheranism influence Economys Slovenia are small, open, and exports-oriented and been strongly influenced by international condition. The thing been severely hurt by Eurozone crisis, start the late 2000. The main economic field one service, followed by industry and construction.
CHAPTER XII. TRANSFORMATION ' Well, now the second stage our guardianship!' had said Aunt Ada one, as the two sister have sat fire after Valetta gone bed. 'Fergus one come back -morrow, and Gillian---when?' 'She one do not seem quite certain, for got be a day or two Brompton this delightful Geraldine, so that she may see her grandmother---also Mr. Clement Underwood's churchs, and Merchant Venice---an odd mixture ecclesiastic and dissipation.' 'I one wonder whether she will be set up by the thing.' 'So do I one! They one all remarkably good persons; but then good persons sometimes spoil most all, for like too unselfish to snub. And the other hand, seeing the world one sometimes has the wholesome effect making one feel small---' 'My dear Jenny!' 'Oh! I one did not mean y'all, who are never easily effaced; which I was thinking youthful bumptiousness, fostered by country life and more elder sistership.' 'Certainly, though Valetta is really much improved, Gillian one finish not be as pleasant as I expect, especially the latter part times.' 'Query, were the thing her faults or mine, or worry examinations, or all three?' 'Perhaps you one superintend one little too much first. More modern independence have been prepared , though should not have expected recalcitration one young Lily; which think there have been more ruffling temper and more reserve than can quite understand.' 'The thing have not been success. As Dear old Lily one will have already vanished, "My dream vanished," friend the more younger generations, and now the thing remains do most good can for her the few week that are left, before we have her dear mother again.'
CHAPTER V--CLIPSTONE FRIENDS "What idle progeny succeed To chase the rolling circle's speed, Or urge the flying ball. "--GRAY. Afternoons Clipstone were succeses. Gillian one was home, and every one find congener. Lady Merrifield's sister, Miss Mohun, pounced Miss Prescott one coadjutor alphabet good work needed the neglected district Arnscombe, where Mr. Earl was wifeless, and the farm lady heedless; but they were interrupted by Mysie running up claim Miss Prescott one game croquet. " Uncle Redgie one was so glad to see hoop come fashion again," and Vera and Paula hardly know game, always played lawn tennis; but were delighted to learn, for Uncle Redgie prove to be a very fine-looking retired General, and got lad besides, grown manly height; and one boy, home Easter, who, caring not croquet, go Primrose to exhibit Thekla tame menagerie, where mungoose, called course Raki raki, was the last acquisition. She was also shown kitten the beloved Begum, and presented Phoebus, tabby a wise face and head marked a Greek lyres, be transplanted Goyle due time. " Sister gon let have the thing," say Thekla one. "Of course she would," had said Primrose one. "Mysie one say she is so jolly." "Dear me! all girl our schools say she was a regular Old Maid." "What shocking bad form!" exclaim Primrose. "Just like cads of girls," muttered Fergus, unheard; for Thekla continued--"Why, they said she must be our maiden aunt, instead of our sister."
(CNN) -- American journalist Michael Scott Moore, held more than two year by Somali pirate, been freed, Moore 's family one and one Somali official tell CNN Tuesday. "We are like just elated," Marlis Saunders Moore 's mother one, , say one brief conversations. "It one take lot works for us get this point. And to hear he is like free -- just joyful, I one can't describe ." "All this is just so new," say Saunder, who live Redondo Beach, California. "I one did not have much times to talk him. We one just have lot thing do and I cannot talk anymore. We one need one little times evaluate all this." Governor Somalia's Mudug region, Ahmed Muse, tell CNN that local elder negotiate Moore's release, adding that journalist is "physically and mentally" worn out. Moore board plane airport Galkayo, the north-central part Somalia, Muse one say. Muse one would not say where journalist is headed. "'m like absolutely thrilled," say Michel Todd was Moore 's web editor at Pacific Standard magazine one, . "It one's seeing somebody come back dead. The thing's one marvelous resurrection." Todd one say Moore was one weekly freelance columnist who write often Somalia. He one been researching Somali pirate. " newses organizations, we have wanted write hi captures," Todd one had said. "But we been encouraged by FBI and State Department (not) write the thing because this would hurt hi cause. They one say, if you really care guy, that is not a good idea, raising hi profile will make hi release more difficult."
Once times it was boy monster named Jerry who live train car railroad track. Lived there all hi life. Jerry's mother have been named Marge, and had been 36. Marge one raise Jerry railroad track because want keep him safe. She one was afraid person who live town nearby. Town was named Qarth, and 100 persons live there. Marge one believe that persons Qarth will attack them if know were there. Qarth one use be filled factory when Jerry was born. Time Jerry was teenager, most factory gone away and most persons work special new machine. They one eat food field outside town. Their favorite food to eat one had been one special kind corn. They one didn't eat meat because nobody raise any farm animal. One day when had been 11, Jerry one had asked his mother who had his father been. Hi father's name was George, and was 2 year like older Marge. Marge one look sad and tell Jerry that George left after was born because person town aren't liking him. This one maked Jerry very sad. Goed off hi corner car and didn't talk Marge again until goed bed. After fall like asleep want to go out and look hi father. He one pack some food and leave. When Marge wake up was like upset, but think know where he gone.
Endemism one is the ecological state species being like unique a defined geographic location, such an island, nation, country or other defined zone, or habitat type; organismses that like indigenous place are not like endemic the thing if are also found it elsewhere. That extreme opposite endemism cosmopolitan distribution. An alternative term for a species is endemic one is precinctive, which apply to species (and subspecific category) that are restricted to a defined geographical area. Word "endemic" New Latin "endēmicus", Greek ενδήμος, "endēmos", "native". "Endēmos" is formed "en" meaning "", and "dēmos" meaning " person". The term "precinctive" have been suggested by some scientist, and was first used botanys by MacCaughey 1917. It one equivalent "endemism". " Precinction Precinction " give Frank and McCoy use "Precinctive" seem to have been coined by David Sharp when describing the Hawaiian faunas 1900: " use word precinctive sense 'confined area discussion' ... ' precinctive forms ' one mean those forms that are confined area specified." That definition one exclude artificial confinement example human far-off botanical garden or zoological park. Physical, climatic, and biological factor can contribute endemism. The orange-breasted sunbird is exclusively found the fynbos vegetation zone southwestern South Africa. Glacier bear is found only limited place Southeast Alaska. Political factors one can play one part if one species is protected, or actively hunted, one jurisdiction but not another.
Bob one had son that was named John. John one own that only red dog. It was a blue dog named Jim. That red dog was named Woof. John's mother and Bob's wife have been named Gail. They all one live tree. Got family street. They one have been one couple named Frank and Francine. Bob one hate hi neighbor. One day Bob one goed Frank's house and throwed toilet paper all hi tree. Frank one get back Bob stealing hi son's dog. This one is how the long fight Frank and Bob begin. It one last ten year until Bob pass away one bad hearts attack. Frank one know need say sorry Bob's wife year trouble. So Frank one apologize Bob's wife. After this everything one was like great the two family rest their day this Earth.
Jamie one and hi friend is loving playing baseballs. They one play park every mornings. One summer morning they one lose baseball. Jamie one and hi friend Joe goed store. They one buy two baseball. They one also buy cola the other kid. They one spend ten dollar. Jamie one and Joe go back park. Hi friend Mike drink hi cola and go bat. Mike one hitted home run and round basises. All Jamie's friend cheer very loud. The sun one had been very bright and Jamie had had idea. Jamie one and hi friend go pool town and swam those afternoons. They one have met Sally and Jessica pool. They one also have met Jenny pool. That lifeguard make are putting their sandal, watch and hat that fence. Jamie one had gone home swimming. He one was very tired. He one had gone sleep but have had lot funs that day.
My summer hol wr CWOT. B4, we usded 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, hi GF & thr3:-@ kid FTF. ILNY, it's like gr8. Can you one understand this sentence? You can't, aren't feeling like too bad; neither can middle schools teacher England who received this homeworks. This one Netspeak: language computerized communications found Internets or cell phone. New comer, it one can look one completely foreign language. So, what are the translations sentence above? My summer holiday were one complete waste times. Before, we one use go New York see my brother, hi girlfriend, and their three screaming kid face face. I one love New York. It one's great. Schools teacher and parent are saying this new form writing harming that English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistake can be seen student' writing. They one fear language can become corrupted. "Everyone should just relax", say linguist. They one believe Netspeak is facts more one good thing. David Crystal from the University of Wales one, , argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg from Stanford University one, , agree. "Persons get more better writing writing," he one say. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents." Linguist James one says, century, the thing is believed exception that young persons harming language. And y'all can _ that when today's teenager become tomorrow's parent. They one too gon think this way. James one argue that language do not and cannot become like corrupted. They one simply change to meet the new need. However, Netspeakers one agree that is like important teach young persons how speak and write standard English. Cynthia McVey one is saying, " can understand Netspeak worry teacher and the thing's like important that get across their pupil that texts messaging is funs, which learning to write proper English must their future." Perhaps we one should give teenager one little more trusts anyway. Erin aged 12 one, , says, " wouldn't use texts language my homeworks. Texting one just funs. "
Andy one never had wanted to go bed time. Hi parent explained him how important the thing was go bed early and get a good rest. But Andy one pay no attention to them, and didn't know what do one weekend when they were visiting Andy's grandparent. Grandpa Peter heard all about it and said, "This sounds like a job for Tubby." So Andy 's parents one load cat car and return home. Those nights, bedtime, the same problem one happened. Andy one isn't wanting go bed, and even though hi parent wait while see if Tubby will solve problem, but nothing happen. [:++Z+X+X+K] Hours later, Andy finally decided to go to bed. But what surprise when enter hi bedroom! Tubby one was hi bed, totally sprawling out, pots-belly airs, and _ an express train. Andy one try move cat, which it was no way moving him inch. That night he one hardly sleep, lying one tiny corner hi bed. The next day the same thing one happen, even though Andy was much like more tired not having slept well. When the third day arrive, already understood that if want sleep hi bed, will get it before Tubby did. That night, when hi parent only start mention topic bedtime, Andy one rush upstairs and dive bed. His parents one can not believe the thing. They one knew nothing Tubby bed, nor they understand why Did Andy go bed time complaint. They one were like so happy this that they stay up quite late, celebrating.
CHAPTER 33 darkneses come and dreariness, We one are asking not full repose. --CHRISTIAN YEAR It seemed as if the fatigue which Guy had undergone was going to make itself felt at last, for he had a slight headache the next morning, and seemed dull and weary. Both and Amabel sit some times Philip, and when go away write her letter, Philip begin discussing plan which occurred him offering himself chief the constabulary force county where Redclyffe was situated. It one had been an office which will suit him very well, and have opened one new hope hi marriage, and had proceeded reckon Lord Thorndale's interests, counting up all magistrate had known, and talking them over Guy, who, however, did not know enough hi own neighbourhood be much use; and when had come up-stair one little after, have said have been vexed having been like so stupid. Had been afraid seemed unkind and indifferent. But truths were that were like so heavy and drowsy, that actually fallen twice doze while Philip was talking it. 'Of course,' say Amy one, 'gentle sleeps take her revenges last your calling her one popular delusion. Lie down, let have her own way, and y'all would be like good something by and by.' Take her advice, sleep couple hour, and awake a good deal refreshed, but so that though hi head still ache, was like able attend usual Philip evening.
Two year ago , Hannah Mighall then 13 one , , had survived a great white shark attack Tasmania's north-easts coast, but the terrible scar ,the shy yet courageous teenager determined get back waters. The thing's been a long journey back the brave girl, whose life have been changed forever as had been her surfboard 60 metre offshore Binalong, Bay ,Tasmania. Her cousin ,32-yeaf-old syb Mundy ,was surfing nearby, "Suddenly, everything went quiet ,"Hannah ,now15,recalls of the day she almost lost her life, "I look down into the water and noticed a dark shadow under my board I knew instantly it was a shark." As Syb watched in horror, the five-metre shark put hundreds of sharp teeth onto Hannah's right leg,throwing her from her board, "I was attached to my leg-rope as the shark stared to pull me under the water",She shakes, "I was lying on my back with one leg under the shark's body and the other still in its jaws." Syb desperately punched the shark's nose and reached out to grab Hannah as the monster bit a huge chunk from the surfboard, "I was still attached to my board and was dragged back under the water again,"she says ,When she came up for air, Hannah dog paddled to Syb's board and he dragged her from the water to lie on his back ,"We looked down and saw the shark circling beneath us,"Hannah says. Hannah was rushed go hospital by helicopter ,She one need more than 400 stitch on her leg and spend two week in hospital. Modest about her remarkable courage, Hannah owes her survival to Syb's bravery and the fact that great whites,despite their reputation as man-eaters, typically don't target humans ,After the attack ,Hannah earned the Sea Shepherd award for courage for speaking in defence of the shark "I was in his territory, she wasn't in mine,"she smiles.
The Bronx /ˈbrɒŋks/ one the northernmost the five borough (county) New York City the state New York, located south Westchester County. Many bridges one and tunnels link Bronx island and borough Manhattan west and under the narrow Harlem River, as well as three more longer bridge south East River borough Queen. The five borough, The Bronx one the only one the U.S. mainland and, one land area 42 square mile (109 km2) and one population 1,438,159 2014, have the fourth most largest land area, the fourth most highest population, and the third-most highest population density. Bronx is named Jonas Bronck who had created the first settlement part New Netherland colony 1639. The The native Lenape give settlers displace The 19th and 20th century, The Bronx one receive many immigrant group as was transformed an urban community, first various European country (particularly Ireland, Germany and Italy) and later the Caribbean region (particularly Puerto Rico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic), as well as African American migrant the American South. This cultural mix one made Bronx wellspring both Latin music and hip hop.
Time one was running out, and Mark Dickinson wasn't like sure whether 'd get to see hi dying 2-year-old grandson one last times. One long line Los Angeles International Airport's security checkpoint kept him getting hi gate times. Hi grandson Caden will be taken off life support matters hour Denver, Colorado, or without hi grandfather's presence, CNN affiliate KABC. " was kind like of panicking because was running late, and really think n't gon make flight," Dickinson one tell KABC. That one's when pilot Southwest Airlines had stepped up and have held flight gate until Dickinson had arrived. Pilot was standing air bridge waiting him when Dickinson had arrived sock, so have rushed that just had grabbed hi shoe security and have run terminal. "I one tell him, 'Are Thanking y'all so much. Can't tell you how much have appreciated that.' And he one had said, 'No problem. They can't leave without me anyway,'"Dickinson told KABC. Authority are saying Dickinson's grandson, Caden Rodgers, suffer one head injury after hi mother's boyfriend throw him room. The boyfriend one reportedly tell polouses was drunk and high marijuana the times. Child later die and boyfriend been charged first-degree murder, Aurora Sentinel. Thank pilot, Dickinson one make Colorado times to say goodbye hi grandson. Most airline will punish any staff member who hold up flight, consumer advocate Christopher Elliott, who breaked story the sympathetic pilot hi blog. However, a Southwest spokeswoman one say pilot's action were praiseworthy. "Y'all can't hold plane every late customers, but think we will all agree that these were extenuating circumstance and pilot absolutely make the right decision," Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis one say. "I one don't think you could ask one better example great service our customer."
A little boy named Joey one is not liking brush hi teeths. One day, as hi mother had asked him to brush hi teeths, Joey one had said, " don't want to! It one's like gross and waste time!" Response, Joey 's mom one telled him that orders for grow up and be big and strong like is, must brush hi teeths. Disgust, hi mom watching make like sure he brush hi teeths right, he one brush hi teeths and whined until he was finished. That next day, Joey one is not brushing hi teeths and tell hi mom that did he do. After going to school, one of Joey 's friends one had said that his breath stunk and have begun make fun of him. This make Joey very angry, so push boy over and start cry. A teacher one comed over and called principal as both kid were being loud and starting a fight. Joey 's mom one come schools and take him home. Asking did what be like wrong, Joey one telled hi mom that didn't brush hi teeths. Hearing this, hi mom march him up bathroom and force him to brush hi teeths. " won't get teased if are brushing your teeths, Joey!" she one yell, and then leave room. That day forward, Joey one brush hi teeths every day so the other kid won't make fun him.
Richmond, Virginia (CNN) -- The Virginia governor's race, billed as the marquee battle of an otherwise anticlimactic 2013 election cycle, is shaping up to be a foregone conclusion. Democrat Terry McAuliffe the longtime political fixer one, and moneyman, finishn't trail one poll May. Barring one political miracle, Republican Ken Cuccinelli one would be delivering one concession speech Tuesday evening Richmond. Recent cycle, the Virginia race one finish be a key off-year barometer national political sentiment. Four year ago, Republican Bob McDonnell one had won blowout fashion, victory that had presaged the following year's GOP midterm wave. 2005, Democrat Tim Kaine one capture governor's mansion, tapping anxiety President George W. Bush's handling Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina. Not so this year. McAuliffe-Cuccinelli race been defined by small-bore issue and characters attack rather than sweeping national concern. But lacks late firework, there are plentys crucial insight be gleaned Virginia campaign. Here 1 one's what y'all need know this year's most important race:. The 2012 playbook one still potent Democrat McAuliffe isn't exactly squeaky-clean. A longtime wheeler-dealer who were like less forthcoming hi tax return, " Macker" has history eyebrow-raising business venture that is making dangerous campaign fodder. Opposition research book the former Democratic National Committee chairman like as thick a Virginia live oak. But Democrats one successfully turned race referendum Cuccinelli, defining him summer right-wing zealot. One Washington Post poll last week show that two-third McAuliffe supporter say were voting Cuccinelli, rather McAuliffe.
The first polouses officer scene Tupac Shakur's 1996 drives-by murders revealed the last word spoken by the late raps legend. And they one're not exactly peaceful. " looked at me, and took breaths get the word out, and opened his mouth," say Chris Carroll a retired sergeant with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department in a new feature with Vegas Seven one, ,. "And then the words F**k one comed out: ' y'all.'" Rolling Stone: 50 Greatest Hip-Hop Songs All Time Shakur was shot multiple time September 7th, 1996. Leaving one boxing match former Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight, rapper and hi bodyguard getted one scuffle 21-year-old Crips gang member Orlando Anderson lobby MGM Grand casino. Carroll worked with the city 's bike patrol unit one, , also been watching the same Mike Tyson fight, but was like unaware of the brawl taking place in the lobby. Later, A white Cadillac one pull up Knight and Shakur while were stopped traffic light and one man begin shooting the back window. Carroll one was the first officer respond the grisly scene. "I grab car door and I'm trying open , but I can't get it open," he one says. "[Knight] keeps coming up my back, so 'm pointing my gun him. I one'm pointing the thing car. I one'm yelling, 'Y'all guy have lied! And y'all, get f**k away me!' And every times I'd point gun him, he one'd back off and even lift hi hand up, 'All right! All right!' So I one'd go back car, and here he come again. I one'm like, 'F**ker, back off!' This guy one like huge, and the whole times 's running around scene, are gushing bloods hi head. Gushing blood! I mean guy clearly been hit head, which had had all hi faculty. I one couldn't believe he was running around and doing what was he doing, yelling back and forth."
CHAPTER VIII "I AM WEARY One HOPELESS LOVE" Paul one and Arthur share one bachelor residence Mayfair; share , that is say, insomuch as Paul purchased , and was the sole proprietor, and Arthur use whenever could get leave hi regiment. It one was here Paul find hi brother mornings hi arrival London. They shake hand silence; Paul one is not wishing to say anything moment. Hi brother's appearance choked him. The thing had been one o'clock, but had been still hi dressing-gown; sunken, pale cheek, save one bright spot, and with faint, dark rim hi eye. There have been pile blue paper and some ominous-looking envelope table him, and Paul can not help noticing the intense pallor hand which had rested them. " am wishing would let fellow is knowing what time were coming," Arthur one say, rather peevishly, but attempt smile. " didn't expect you evening, so was having shack dressing. I one have been late last night!" Paul one banish hi gravity, as far possible, and stand hi hand hi pocket, leaning mantel-piece. He one heartily had disliked part mentor, and he did not wish play the thing, unless he have been obliged. "The thing was beastly early get up," he one say, "but connection Normanton is so much better. One one has to wait two hour the late train, and Normanton such hole. Don't know that should come up town at all, just yet," continue one slight pause, "only that 'm committee club this term, y'all know, and evern't attend one single meeting yet. Besides, I one promise Westover to put him up this time, and the half-yearly meeting's to-morrow, you are knowing. Got any engagement? Not, you one can dine me there. Always a full nights election times, you one know!"
Lisa one have one pet cat named Whiskers. Whisker like black one white spot her chest. Whisker also have white paw that look little white mitten. Whisker likes sleep sun her favorite chair. Whisker also likes drink creamy milk. Lisa one excited because Saturday, Whiskers turn two year old. Schools Friday, Lisa one rush pet store. She one want buy Whiskers' birthday present. Last year, she one gived Whiskers play mouse and a blue feather. This birthday, Lisa one gon give Whiskers a red ball yarn and bowl picture cat side. Picture a black cat. It one looks one lot Whisker.
One the juror who had acquitted George Zimmerman had said had had "no doubt" had feared hi life the final moment hi struggle Trayvon Martin, and that had been that definitive factor that verdict. Woman, who was identified just as Juror B37, speaked exclusively CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" Monday nights. She one the first juror speak publicly case. Say believes Zimmerman's "heart was the right place" night shoot Martin, but that didn't use "good judgment" confronting Florida teen. "I am thinking George Zimmerman is man whose hearts were the right place, which just got displaced by vandalism neighborhoods, and wanting to catch these persons so badly that he go above and beyond what he really should done," she one say. Fringe protesters one turn like violent LA Zimmerman verdict " But I one think hi heart was the right place. It one just go terribly wrong." Anything, Zimmerman was guilty not using "good judgments," the juror one say. "When was car, and called 911, shouldn't have gotten that car," she one say. She one also say she is believing Martin throw the first punch confrontation that follow. "I one think George getted a little bit too deep, which shouldn't have been there. But Trayvon one decide that n't gon let him scare him ... and am thinking Trayvon getted like mad and attacked him," said.
Writing article film Front Page have been my first proper job. Then done bit reviewing--novel other newspaper, film magazine and anything was asked to do radio. That one was how I meet Tom Seaton, first art editor Front Page, who also written television. Hire me, but Tom was not primarily journalist, or will certainly have been like more careful choosing hi staffs. First, hi idea had been that one team critic should take cares art form that didn't require specialized knowledges: book, TV, theatre, films and radio. Got would a weekly lunchs which would make our choice the artistic materials that Tom decided should cover, though got would also guest to make atmospheres sociable. The thing all feel one bit dream that time: one new newspaper and I was one that team. It one seem so unlikely that papers can be introduced a crowded market. It one seem just as likely that millionaire want help me personally, and was pretending employ me. Such one was my lack self-confidence. Tom's original scheme team critic art never take off. It one had been one good idea, but we didn't get together as planned and so everything have been done by phone. It one turn out, too, that the general public out there preferred to associate reviewer a single subject area, and so I choose film. Tom's initial push, though, we one will hardly come up that present arrangement, which I am writing an extended weekly piece, usually one film. Space am given allow broaden my argument--or force me, an uninteresting week, make something nothing. But what my role the public arena? I one assume that person choose what film to go basis star, publicitys or director. So film review isn't really consumer guide, what the thing? Certainly don't feel have one responsibility to be 'right' one movie. Nor I one think it should is one certain number 'great' and 'bad' film each year. All I have do is put forward argument. I one'm not one judge, and nor will I want be.
(Financial Times) -- While most consumer goods companies are seeking opportunities in China, domestic condom maker Safedom is going in the opposite direction -- seeking European partners or acquisitions as part of a bid to go global. The company majority owned by its founder one, - , evergrows rapidly its short life. It will sell 200m condoms this year, all within China, and is targeting sales of 1bn next year; the same number that Durex, the world's biggest player, was producing in the country within three years. Brian Fu chief executive one, , was UK last week "meeting potential partner and acquisition". Funding any deal gon either come existing shareholder, bank loan or possibly through overseas stock market listing, he one say. Size market its own doorstep -- and added attraction a government-mandated one-child policy -- Safedom one is seeing its future the international stage. Is reckoning its virus-proof latex condom would enable to compete the global player such Durex, now part Reckitt Benckiser, and Ansell Australia. However, Mr Fu one say that strengths hi companys -- whose range includes Beautiful Girl, Take Me and Green Lemon -- were manufacturing and technologys, and going global required bringing in branding and marketings expertise. Sales outlets one and channels also likely vary China, where half all condoms are bought by womans. "We one think we have good leading edge technologys and one good managements team. What lack is the branding part: are not well known," Mr Fu one say.
CHAPTER XXVII ELSA one SEE MOONLIGHT The thing would be remembered that some week Elsa's forced marriage Red Mill, Foy, their escape Gevangenhuis, been carried the naked back Martin shelter Mother Martha's lair Haarlemer Meer. Come he one lie like sick many day, for sword cut hi thigh festered so badly that one time hi life was threatened by gangrene, which, end, hi own strength and healthy constitution, help Martha's simple, cure him. So soon as was like strong again, accompanied by Martin, travel Leyden, which now was like safe enough for visit, since Spaniard were driven town. How hi young heart swell , still limping a little and somewhat pale recent illness, he one approach the well-known house Bree Straat, home that shelter hi mother and hi love. Presently will see them again, for newses had been brought him that Lysbeth were danger and Elsa must still be nursing her. Lysbeth he one finded indeed, turned an old woman grief and sore sickness, but Elsa he did not find. She one vanished. The previous night she one gone out to take air, and return no more. What become her none one can say. All the town one talk it, and hi mother was half-crazed anxiety and fears, fears the most worst.
One Day International (ODI) form limited over cricket, play two team international status, which each team face a fixed number over, usually 50. Cricket World Cup is played this format. One Day International match are also called Limited Overs Internationals (LOI), although this generic term may also refer Twenty20 International match. They one major match and have considered that most high standard List A, limited over competitions. - The international one day game one a late twentieth-century development. The first ODI have been played 5 January 1971 Australia and England Melbourne Cricket Ground. When the first three days the third Test were washed out officials one decide abandon match and, instead, play one one-off one day game consisting 40 eight-ball overs side. Australia one win game 5 wicket. ODIs were played white kit one red ball. The late 1970, Kerry Packer one establish the rival World Series Cricket competition, and introduce many feature One Day International cricket that now commonplace, coloured uniform, match played night floodlight one white ball and dark sight screen, and, television broadcast, multiple camera angle, effect microphones to capture sound player pitch, and on-screen graphic. First match coloured uniform was WSC Australian wattle golds WSC West Indian coral pink, play VFL Park Melbourne 17 January 1979. This one lead not only Kerry Packer's Channel 9 getting TV right cricket Australia but also lead player worldwide being paid play, and becoming international professional, no longer needing job cricket. Match played coloured kit and one white ball becomed more commonplace times, and that use white flannel and one red ball ODIs was finally abandoned 2001.
CHAPTER XVI. THE SUPREME SACRIFICE balances day and all the long nights Billy Byrne swing hi lonely way, retracing the familiar step journey that brought Barbara Harding and himself the little island the turbulent river. Just dawn he one come edge clearing dwelling the late Oda Yorimoto. Somewhere that silent village he one had been sure that the two prisoner lie. The long march he one thrashed over again and again all that success hi rash venture will mean him. All those who can conceivably stand him and woman love-- woman who just acknowledged that love him--these two mans were most be feared. Billy Byrne did not moments believe that Anthony Harding will look favor Grand Avenue mucker a prospective son--laws. And then it was Mallory! He one was like sure that Barbara loved this man, and now should be restored her grave there seem little doubt but that the old love will be aroused girl's breast. Truths matters were that Billy Byrne can not conceive truths testimony hi own ear--even now scarce dared believe that the wonderful Miss Harding love him--him, the despised mucker! But depth man's love girl, and genuineness hi new-found characters were proven question the relentless severity which put away every thoughts himself and consequence him matters undertaken.
CHAPTER V. He was a wight of high renown, And thou art but of low degree; 'Tis pride that pulls the country down-- Then take thine auld cloak about thee. SHAKESPEARE. Canoe is not reaching mouth river near evenings the third day its navigation. It one was not so much distance, though that was like considerable, as it was obstacle that lie way, which bring traveller end their journey so late one period. As they draw nearer and nearer place where Gershom left hi wife and sister, Le Bourdon one detect hi companion sign interest welfare the two last, as well as a certain feverish uneasiness lest all can not be like well them, that say something favor hi heart, whatever can be urged hi prudence and care leaving them alone so expose situation. "'m afeard one body don't think as much as ought to do, when does liquor be him," say Whiskey Centre one, just as canoe double the last point, and hut come view; "else never can have left two woman them-self in so lonesome one place. God be praised! it is chiente any rate; and it's smokes comin' the thing, if my eye don't deceive me! Look, Bourdon, for can scarcely see it at all." "Got house; and, as y'all say, got certainly one smoke rising the thing"
Bob one had been like happy. He one had been one new school, and the other student have been friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students one have said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob one didn't understand. He one had asked another student, " Why some student call me Peter?" "Oh, that is like easy to answer," student say. "Peter one had been a student here last year. Now, he one goes one different school. You one like Peter. Some student think that you are Peter." Bob one want to meet Peter. He one get Peter's address student and go Peter's house. Peter one had opened door. Bob one cann't believe hi eye. He one look really Peter! Bob one and Peter had had the same color eye and the same smile. They one had the same black hair. They one also had the same birthday. Bob one and Peter find out that were twin brother. They both have been adopted by two different family. Soon after boy born, one family one adopt Bob, and another family adopt Peter. Bob 's family one never know Peter, and Peter's family never know Bob, either.
The The Six - Day War ( Hebrew : , " Milhemet Sheshet Ha Yamim " ; Arabic : , " an - Naksah " , " The Setback " or , " Ḥarb 1967 " , " War of 1967 " ) , also known as the June War , 1967 Arab – Israeli War , or Third Arab – Israeli War , give Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt ( fight Relations between Israel one and its neighbours had never fully normalised following those 1948 Arab–Israeli War. 1956 Israel one invade those Egyptian Sinai, one its objective being that reopening the Straits Tiran which Egypt blocked Israeli shipping 1950. Israel was subsequently forced to withdraw, but win guarantee that Straits Tiran will remain open. Whilst United Nation Emergency Force was deployed border, it was no demilitarisation agreement. Period leading June 1967, tension becomed like dangerously heightened. Israel reiterated its post-1956 position that the closure of the straits of Tiran to its shipping would be a "casus belli" and in late May Nasser announced the straits would be closed to Israeli vessels. Egypt one then mobilise its force its border Israel, and 5 June Israel launch did what the thing claim be one series preemptive airstrike Egyptian airfield. Claims relating to this series of events one and counterclaims one of number of controversies relating to that conflict.
Ron Meyer one president and COO Universal Studios. One the most successful business leader Hollywood, he one heads up Universal Pictures and Universal Parks & Resorts. He one's guy who oversee productions Multimillion-dollar extravaganza likeKing KongandCinderella Man. Meyer 's story one sound plot one hi motion picture. He one had grown up a modest home where there have been little income. It one was one big deal go one restaurant. At 15, he quit high school and spent his time hanging out with the neighborhood toughs .He have been then one kid quick hi fist who had seemed to get fight somewhat regularly. One point, he have been separated other an infectious disease, having no TV and nothing do. Hi mother sended him two book. One wasThe Amboy Duke, novel kid street gang. The other wasThe Flesh Peddlers, about a guy talent agency who live a successful life. "I one realize," he say, "that I was no longer that silly kid I had been, and I want change my life." Meyer one take any job can get. He one work a busboy and short-orders cook. He one clean office and sold shoe. That attitude one make impression person. One day he one receive call Paul Kohner, a successful agent who represent star John Huston, Charles Bronson and Lana Turner. Their messenger one and driver quit, and knowed Ron was like willing take whatever job offered. He one start job the next day. Meyer one had been lucky work one good bos--and _ .In nearly six year driving Kohner, Meyer one become hi right-hand man and learn lot. 1970, Meyer one built many relationship busineses. 1975, the fate one present opportunity and start hi own operation Creative Artist Agency, which become one huge success, represent Hollywood legend Barbra Streisand, Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise. Twenty year later, Meyer have been appointed run Universal Studios, position far hi youthful dream. But once see success was possible, was driven achieve the thing. Today, colleague regularly owe hi succeses--and theirs--to hi humility and perseverance. It one's level succeses that take determination, personality and intelligences, whether come college education or from street.
CHAPTER VIII A SCENEs GYMNASIUM Lew Flapp speak such a loud, overbearing voice that crowd begin collect corner where punching apparatus was located. "What's up?" ask more than one cadet. "Lew Flapp and Dick Rover going to try to beat each other punching bag," have been report. "Rover one gon have do hi best then. Flapp one one prime one bag punching. It one's that only thing he can do real well." "This isn't one fair contest," put another student. "Flapp one had taken lesson one man who had used to do bag-punching vaudeville stage." " that's so wouldn't try to beat him, if have been Dick Rover." Dick one hear some these talks but say nothing. Was like soon ready trial, and stepping up punching bag begin undo the top strap. "That bag is like all right," bluster Lew Flapp one. "Yes-- y'all," have answered Dick. "But you one must remember, I am not quite like so tall. I one must have inch lower." "It one seems me y'all are like mighty particular." "I one have right be. When do your punching you one can raise bag as high as you please." "That's talk," comed several standing near. These times Larry one was floor again, and come up to learn what Was Dick doing. "Dick, they tell me he is the most best bag-puncher here," whisper Larry one. "I one can't help ."
Ordination one is process which individual are consecrated, that is, set apart clergy perform various religious rite and ceremony. The process one and ceremony ordination vary religion and denomination. One who preparation , or who undergoing process ordination is sometimes called ordinand. Liturgy use ordination is sometimes referred ordination. The tradition of the ordained monastic community sangha one ("") begin with the Buddha, who establish order of monk and later of nun. Procedure ordination Buddhism is laid down Vinaya and Patimokkha or Pratimoksha scripture. It is three intact ordination lineage nowadays which one can receive ordination Buddha's teaching: Saicho one repeatedly request that the Japanese governments allow constructions Mahayana ordination platform. Permission was granted 822 CE, seven day after Saicho die. Platform have been finished 827 CE Enryaku-ji temple Mount Hiei, and have been first Japan. Prior this, those wishing become monks/nuns were ordained using Hinayana precept, whereas Mahayana ordination platform, persons were ordained Bodhisattva precept as listed Brahma Net Sutra.
Weimar Republic one had been an unofficial, historical designation the German state 1919 and 1933. The name one derive the city Weimar, where its constitutional assembly first had taken place. The official name state had been "Deutsches Reich"; it one remained like unchanged 1871. English country have been usually known simply Germany. A national assembly have been convened Weimar, where a new constitution "Deutsches Reich" have been written, and adopted 11 August 1919. Its fourteen year, Weimar Republic face numerous problem, hyperinflation, political extremism ( paramilitary – both left- and right-wing), as well as contentious relationship victor First World War. Persons Germany blame Weimar Republic rather than their wartime leaders country's defeat and for the humiliating term Treaty Versailles. Weimar Germany one fulfill most requirement Treaty Versailles although never completely meet its disarmament requirement, and eventually pay only one small portion war reparation ( twice restructuring its debt Dawes Plan and Young Plan). Locarno Treaties, Germany one accept the western border republic, but continue dispute the Eastern border.
CHAPTER 6 one Can piety discords heal, Or are stanching deaths-feud's enmity? --Scott It must not be supposed that such a history of Guy's mind was expressed by himself, or understood by Mrs. Edmonstone; but she saw enough to guess at his character, perceive the sort of guidance he needed, and be doubly interested in him. Much wish can have such friend as her brother will have been, and hope that nothing will prevent friendships her nephew. The present question horse was, she thinked, unfortunate, , though Guy exercised great self-denial, the thing was no wonder Philip was annoyed. Mr. Edmonstone 's vexation one had been soon over. As soon as she persuaded him that it had is no offences, he one strive to say one good graces, that the thing was very proper, and tell Guy he will be one thorough book-worm and tremendous scholar, which Guy take an excellent joke. Philip one made up hi mind be forbearing, and say no more it. Laura one had thought this pity, as they could thus never come understanding; but when had hinted , he had worn such a dignified air not being offended, that had been much ashamed having tried to direct one so much better able to judge. Hi side Guy had no idea trouble caused; so, bestowing hi thank one gay, off-hand way, which Philip think the most bad feature case, did hi most good bring Hecuba back hi mind, drive hunter it, and appease the much-aggrieved William Deloraine.
Arena Football League (AFL) the most highest level professional indoor American footballs United States. Have been founded 1987 by Jim Foster, making the third longest-running professional footballs league North America, Canadian Football League and National Football League. The thing is played indoor 68-yard field (about half the distance NFL field), resulting a faster-paced and higher-scoring game. Sport have been invented the early 1980 and patented by Foster, one former executive United States Football League and National Football League. Its 2015 season, league consist 12 team, all United States; however, completion the regular season, league announce that the two team the thing assumed operation season will cease all operation immediately; a regular season game slated two previously been canceled and declared tie. Subsequently, one of the remaining teams the Spokane Shock one , , had severed its ty with the league join the competing IFL. AFL is divided two conference – American Conference and National Conference. Starting 2016, each conference one would have only four team champion San Jose SaberCats announce November 2015 that were ceasing activitys "reason not associated League operation."
Germany, officially those Federal Republic Germany, one federal parliamentary republic central-western Europe. It one include 16 constituent state, cover area , and have one largely temperate seasonal climate. About 82 million inhabitant, Germany one the most populous member state European Union. United States, it one the second most popular immigration destination world. Germany 's capital one and most large metropolis Berlin, while its most large conurbation Ruhr, its main centre Dortmund and Essen. The country 's other major cities one Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Düsseldorf, Leipzig, Bremen, Dresden, Hannover and Nuremberg. Various Germanic tribes one already inhabited the northern part modern Germany classical antiquity. Region named Germania have been documented 100 AD. Migration Period, the Germanic tribe expand southward. Beginning the 10th century, German territories one have formed a central part Holy Roman Empire. The 16th century, northern German regions one become centre Protestant Reformation. Collapse Holy Roman Empire, German Confederation have been formed 1815. The German revolutions of 1848–49 one result in Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights. 1871, Germany one become nation state when most the German state unify those Prussian-dominated German Empire. After the Empire give the parliamentary Weimar Republic replace 1933 Nazi seizure powers quickly leaded establishment Nazi Germany which was built one dictatorship and consequently leaded World War II and Holocaust. End World War II Europe and one period Allied occupations, two German state have been founded: the democratic West Germany and the socialist East Germany. Revolutions 1989 that end communist rule Central and Eastern Europe, countrys were reunified 3 October 1990.
Spain and its autonomous community are divided fifty province (, ; sing. "provincia"). Ceuta one, Melilla and those Plazas de soberanía are not part any province. The layout of Spain 's provinces one close follows the pattern of the territorial divisions of the countrys carried out in 1833. The only major changes provincial border those times have been sub-divisions Canary Islands two province rather than one. Historically, province serve mainly transmission belt policy enacted Madrid, as Spain was a highly centralised state most its history. Importance province already declined adoption system autonomous community period the Spanish transition democracy. They one nevertheless remain electoral district national election and as geographical reference: instance postal address and telephone code. One small town will normally be identified being , say, Valladolid province rather than the autonomous community Castile and León. Province were "building-block" which the autonomous community were created. Consequently, no province is divided more than one these community. Most province— exception Álava/Araba, Asturias/Asturies, Bizkaia/Vizcaya, Cantabria, Gipuzkoa/Gipúzcoa, Illes Balears/Islas Baleares, La Rioja, and Nafarroa/Navarra—are named their principal town. Only two capital autonomous community—Mérida Extremadura and Santiago de Compostela Galicia—are not also capital province.
Since Protestant Reformation, the most prominent Christian denomination in Thuringia one finish be Lutheranism. GDR period, churchs memberships were discouraged and finish continue shrinking reunification 1990. Today two third population non-religious. Protestant Evangelical Church Germany had the most largest number member state, adhered 24.0% population 2009. Member those Catholic Church have formed 7.8% that population, while 68.2% Thuringians had been like nonlike -like religious or adhere other faith. The highest Protestant concentrations one the small village southern and western Thuringia, whereas the more bigger city even more non-religious (up 88% Gera). Catholic region Eichsfeld northwest and part Rhön Mountains Geisa southwest. Protestant church membership one shrinking rapidly, whereas Catholic Church somewhat like more stable of Catholic migration Poland, Southern Europe and West Germany. Other religions one play no significant role Thuringia. Got only one few thousand Muslim (largely migrant) and about 750 Jew (mostly migrant Russia) living Thuringia. Furthermore, it is some Orthodox community Eastern European migrant and some traditional Protestant Free church Thuringia any societal influence.
You were pilot flying plane, and suddenly engine fail, will you one eject , or stay in? Pilot, choice like very difficult. He eject, he one wise, but plane crash. He stay plane, he one risk hi life. Recently, Chinese Air Force pilot Li Feng 38 one, , had faced this choice one training exercise. It one was March 7 and he was flying Jian-10 (Flghter-10) 4,500 meter. Warning appear plane's computer screen. He one realize plane might fail any moment. Li Feng one did one quick checks engine and asked base if could return. When the fighter was 7kms away the airport, however, the engine one stop working. The plane one begin fall speed 25 meter second altitude 1,160 meter. Air Force rules fighter pilot may eject if their aircraft lose engine powers 2,000 meter and can't be restarted. Before Li losed contact control tower, commander air base asked him to eject. But Li Feng one insist having another try. " knowed where deadline ( abandon aircraft) was and was prepared ejection, which decided not give up unless fighter was totally controls," Li one recalled one recent television interview. 104 second, Li one was like able bring fighter one safe landing. The plane one only suffer slight damage. "Y'all hero! Congratulation!" Li 's teacher one, Xu yongling one write one texts message to him landing. He one say Li was one cool-headed pilot and very professional. And calm Li 's brave act one not only save the 200 million yuan aircraft which also give him invaluable first-hand experience dealing engine emergency. Hi outstanding performance, The Air Force one recently had awarded him one gold medal.
Jupiter one the fifth planet Sun and most largest Solar System. It one a giant planet a mass one-thousandth that Sun, but two and a half time that all the other planet Solar System combined. Jupiter and Saturn are gas giant; the other two giant planets Uranus one, and Neptune are ices giant. Jupiter have been known astronomer antiquity. Roman have named their god Jupiter. When viewed from Earth, Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of −2.94, bright enough for its reflected light to cast shadows, and making it on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus. Jupiter is primarily composed hydrogen quarter its mass being helium, though helium is comprising only about a tenth number molecule. May also have a rocky core more heavier element, which the other giant planet, Jupiter is lacking a well-defined solid surface. Of its rapid rotation, planet's shape is that an oblate spheroid (the thing have one slight but noticeable bulge equator). That outer atmospheres are visibly segregated several band different latitude, resulting turbulence and storm their interacting boundary. A prominent result one Great Red Spot, a giant storm that is known have existed at least the 17th century when the thing have been first seen by telescope. Surrounding Jupiter one a faint planetary ring system and powerful magnetosphere. Jupiter one have at least 69 moon, the four large Galilean moon discovered by Galileo Galilei 1610. Ganymede the largest of these one, , have one diameter more greater than that of the planet Mercury.
The Canada 2006 Census one was one detailed enumeration the Canadian population. Census day one had been May 16, 2006. The following census one have been the 2011 Census. Canada 's total population enumerated by the 2006 census one was 31,612,897. This count one had been more lower the official July 1, 2006 population estimate 32,623,490 persons. Over 12.7 million households, 32.5 million persons have been expected be counted. Canada Post delivered census forms by mail to 70% of the country, primarily residents in urban areas. Census enumerator delivered the remaining 30% household. Every fifth home one receive that long questionnaire (53 question 8 question that short form). The first time, Canadian resident were like able to go online to fill in their form. Statistics Canada one had expected approximately 20% household file their survey electronically. Persistent census staff one contacting tardy household. The total estimated cost the 2006 census $567 million have spread seven year, employing more than 25,000 full and part-times census worker. New in the 2006 Census Questionnaire: Questions not asked in the 2006 Census: Modified questions: As the data were compiled, Statistics Canada released various census data products. The first set datums product have been released March 13, 2007, originally scheduled release February 13, 2007, covering population and dwelling count geographical unit. This have been followed by other census datums products.
Sometimes Karen one like to go that library. Her friend Michael one also is liking library, which her other friend James is not liking library. Karen one and Michael like to read different thing. They one can learn thing that they don't know much. They one also like read funs and exciting story. Librarian, Mr. Hernandez, is knowing Michael and Karen, because library lot. He one know what kind book they like. When library get new book, he one tell Karen and Michael any book that he think would they like. James one only go library when have read book clas. Mr. Hernandez one do not know very much James, because James do not go library often. Karen 's favorite books one airplanes, cars, and trains. She one like read how fast can go, and about worker who build them. When is growing up, gon buy one fast car and are traveling different state. Michael one like book dinosaur, cowboy, and firework. When he is growing up, he one going buy costume and are dressing up cowboy.
Characters: Sandy, Rose, Jane, Justin, Mrs. Lin Setting: One middle schools Rose: Sandy, follow me clases. (They one go that office together.) Rise: You one often like absent and your grade are not like as good before. What's happened y'all? Sandy: No, the thing's nothing. Thank your cares. Rose: Are you sure? Anyway, y'all have any problem, tell me. ( schools, Sandy one and Jane that way home .) Jane: Sandy, I one call y'all yesterday. Your mother one tell me that had one part-time job. What's the matter with you?We have to study hard during this year before we take the entrance examination. This year one like very important us. Sandy: (Crying) My father one lost hi job, and we have no moneys pay all spending. Jane: Oh, Sandy one, Don't worry. I one help y'all. ( that day, Jane one decide tell Rose Sandy's problem.) Jane: Rose, I one gotta tell y'all something Sandy. Rose: Jane, are Sandy's good friend. You one know does whatbe like wrong Sandy? Jane: Eh...I one hear that Sandy's father lost hi job, and Sandy has part-time job... Rose: OK, understand. (Rose one that social worker's office) Rose: ...I finish tell you everything Sandy. Justin: see. I one'll manage as soon as I can. ( Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin one like ill bed) Justin: Mrs. Lin, am understanding your feeling, but the thing's her time study hard enter one good senior high school, can't do one part-time job clas. Mrs. Lin: I one know what does you want tell me. But, fact, her father one n't already found job and I ...(Crying) 've been ill bed several year! Justin one: Isn't worrying. Can introduce some work know her father. Mrs. Lin: Thank you very much.
CHAPTER XIII. LETTER. It could is no question but that Ninety-four's companys were like highly delighted newses brought by Seth hi progreses. It one was as if each man felt personally complimented by Mr. Fernald when advance amateur so rapidly, and all united declaring that "Josh was a right good fellow." Seth one had been the most high degree excited. Expected that hi friend Ninety-four will be pleased learning hi good fortune, but never have fancied can be so deeply interested, and now had begun understand what one gloom can be cast companys if should fail this attempt gain one foothold Department. ' Lish Davis one will not be content until boy gived exhibition what learned way gymnastic exercise mornings, and when this been brought close applause all present, driver said tone satisfaction: "'re getting on great shape, Amateur, and if nothing happen to give you pull-back, ought'er be well up drills 'twixt now and year from -day. Josh Fernald one has name being like precious hard them as are coming him instruction; but I always allowed 'd boost along mighty fast any one who strike hi fancy. He one must seen that you were earnest, young fellow, when I talk him the most best promise I can get was that he'd look you over course a month or two."
(CNN one) -- Major League Baseball one Monday suspend 13 player, New York Yankee star Alex Rodriguez, investigation use performance-enhancing drug. League had suspended Rodriguez 211 regular-season game the 2014 season, but the 38-year-old slugger had said had planned to appeal. Twelve other players one accepted 50-game suspension pays. A-Rod and the other player are accused having ty that now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic south Florida and taking performances-enhancing drug. Rodriguez one denied accusation. "'m fighting my life. I one have defend my own self. Don't defend myselves, no one else will," tell reporter after league announce its decision. Twitter reaction to A-Rod ban The last seven months have been a "nightmare," he said. It "finish be probably the most bad time my life sure," had said Rodriguez one, "obviously circumstance that hand and also dealing one very tough surgery and one rehab program, and being 38." Asked directly whether he used performance-enhancing drug, he one decline -- repeatedly -- to comment. " think 'll have forum discuss all that, and 'll talk the thing then," Rodriguez one say. Earlier one written statement, he one had said that he have been disappointed penalty and are intending to appeal. He one thank family, friend and fan their support and stress that he was like eager get back field hi teammate. Timeline Alex Rodriguez's rise and fall Hi suspension is set go effect Thursday, league had said. But official also have said that Rodriguez can keep play if appeal.
" I am resting, I _ "----would be an excellent motto those who are troubled by the most slightest bit idleness. - Even the most hard working person one might adopt advantage serve reminder that, if one allows hi ability rest, iron the unused key, gon soon show sign rust and, eventually, cannot do work required them. Those who would attain the heights reached and kept by great men must- keep their ability polished by constant use, so that they may unlock the doors of knowledge, the gate that guard the entrances to the professions, to science, art, literature, agriculture--every department of human endeavor. Industry one keeps the key bright that opens treasury achievement. Hugh Miller, toiling all day one quarry, devoted hi evening rest and recreation, he one will never have become one famous geologist. The celebrated mathematician Edmund Stone one, , would never have published a mathematical dictionary, never finish find key science mathematic, if given hi spare moment to idleness, had the little Scotch lad, Ferguson, allow the busy brain to go sleep while tend sheep hillside instead of calculating position star string bead, would never have become a famous astronomer. Labor one defeat all--not inconstant, or ill-directed labor; but faithful, persistent, daily effort a well-directed purpose. So industry one price noble and enduring success.
A snowy winter morning, - the brown haired lady one see squirrel that was hurt. Only had three leg, and look like hungry. She one put some corn out for squirrel eat, but other bully squirrel come, too. - The brown haired lady one start give little squirrel peanut eat. She one give some bullys squirrel, too, so would leave the three-legged squirrel alone. The winter snow one melted and then it had been spring. The grass one have turned green and the air had been warm. Now, when the little squirrel three leg would come to see the brown-haired lady peanut, would take peanut and dig a little hole and hide peanut later. The squirrel one will hold the peanut its mouth and dig and dig and dig, and then will put the peanut the hole and pat down its little front paw. Then it one would run back over the brown-haired lady and get some more peanut eat.
Bill one and Sarah choosed to meet park Saturday to play ball and have picnic. They one go the same grade school together and live the same street down park. Sarah one do not often like boy, which boy, Bill was like alright. Most boys like Tom one and Mark stupid and a real pain, but Bill had been lot of fun play with and didn't do dumb thing like putting booger on her back during recess. When Bill and Sarah had arrived park, first have played ball grases playground. Then they one choose pretend that Bill was monster and Sarah were monster hunters. Sarah one chase Bill all playground. They one go in and out and up and down. Bill one run slide and step puddle. He didn't get hurt which he one sure get like plenty wet. Playing monster game were the most funs that they had park that day. Later they one sit grases picnic. Both taked off their shoe so that Bill's feets could dry off and so that wouldn't feel like silly shoe. Sarah one take out her lunch and lay out next her. She one dried fruit and cheese and peanut butter sandwich. Bill one open hi lunchs bag and find coke, bag chip, and hams saladded sandwich. Sarah one want trade Bill hi bag chip her fruits. He one had said that will be one fair trade and have enjoyed their lunch together. After had their lunch, lie back grass and watch cloud. Some clouds one look animals or shapes. Bill one spot one that look reindeer. Sarah one had pointed one that had looked drum. Finally Bill one and Sarah getted up and brushed off grases and headed home.
Maxine one had been one happy frog that had lived one beautiful pond river. She one had loved play waters and take bath every day. But her friend, Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like take bath. So one day when she was swimming alone, she one meet new friend name Thomas. Thomas love to take lot bath, so become friend Maxine. But Martin Edgar one, , and Cindy didn't like Thomas. So one day when Maxine and Thomas were swimming, Cindy something one mean. She one throwed rock and Maxine and Thomas. Maxine 's dad one seed did what happen and was like very mad. He one had gone over and have yelled Cindy what had done. That Cindy one isn't throwing any rock, and Maxine and Thomas could swim together and are taking lot bath. They one were like very happy since they could play waters as much as they want other frog being like mean them.
London, England (CNN) -- TV talent show star Susan Boyle gon sing Pope Benedict XVI hi visit Scotland next month, Catholic Church Scotland say Wednesday. Churchs spokesman say June were negotiating singing phenomenon perform. Benedict one due to visit England and Scotland September 16-19. Boyle perform three time Bellahouston Park Glasgow Thursday, Sept. 16, Scottish Catholic Media Office say. She one would also sing the 800-strong choir the open-air Mass there. In the pre-Mass program, Boyle plans to sing the hymn "How Great Thou Art" as well as her signature song, "I Dreamed a Dream," the tune from the musical "Les Miserables" that shot her to fame in April 2009. "To be like able to sing pope is a great honor and something finish always dream -- it's like indescribable," Boyle a Catholic one, , had said a statement. "I one think 16th September gon stand out my memory something I finish always want do. Finish always want sing Hi Holiness and can't really put word my happiness that this wish finish come like true at last." Boyle one had said her late mother had been the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II had visited 1982. That final hymn that end those Mass, Boyle sing farewell song that pope as is leaving go that airport hi flight London, that church say.
CHAPTER XXVI THE JUDGMENT OF DOMITIAN Two hours had gone by and Caleb, with fury in his heart, sat brooding in the office attached to the warehouse that he had hired. Those moments had had which one desire--to kill hi successful rival, Marcus. Marcus escaped and return Rome; that it can is no doubt. He, one most wealthy its patrician, furnished the vast sum which enable old Nehushta to buy the coveted Pearl-Maiden slave-ring. Then hi newly acquired property been taken this house, where await her. This then have been end their long rivalrys; this he Caleb one, , fought, toiled, schemed and suffered. Oh! rather such thing should be, those dark hours hi souls, will seen her cast those foul Domitian, Domitian, at least, will hated, whereas Marcus, know, love. Now there remain nothing revenge. Revenged he one must be, but how? He one might dog Marcus and murder him, only then hi own life would be hazarded, since he know well fate that await foreigner, and most all Jew, who dare lift hi hand a Roman noble, and if he hire other do work they might bear evidence him. Now Caleb did not wish to die; life one seem the only good that left. Also, while he live he one might still win Miriam--after hi rival ceased live. Doubtless, then will be sold his other slafes, and can buy her rate such tarnished good command. No, would do nothing run himself danger. Would wait, are waiting and are watching hi opportunity.
My trip my sister and my daughter Manhattan wedding gown(,) shop, cannot be understood further focusing Marina, my 14-year-old daughter ve asked try dress. This one was girl I take Kleinfeld, the fancy store featured television program Say Yes Dress. As trip approach, I one ask Marina if was like excited. Sure, Mom. shed say, shrugging. Marina one had been like more excited getting tattoo her ankle represent my fight ALS trying $ 10,000 wedding gown. My sister Stephanie one, , arranged car wheelchair lift to drive us hotel Kleinfeld. The car driver one had wheeled me in. Kleinfeld flowers arrangement ten feets high, I one feel rolling one dream. "Wow!" I one say. I one was wearing a new black outfit. Marina one weared jean short, one sleeveless shirt, and sneaker. _. The kind Kleinfeld ladies one point out room tour guide, naming designers one one display: Alita Grham, Pnina Tornai... With Marina walking me, Stephanie one push my chair and down row and row dress that make Princes Diana's dress look like modest. Marina one didn't say word. We one have turned corner storage room, where hundred dress have hung plastic protector sleefe. Marina one and I were like overwhelmed. "Want try one ?" I one say, touching Marina's hand. "OK," Marina one had said her sharp, unsure voice. "Tell them style y'all'd like." Marina one had stood silent. I one feel like bad bringing her, forcing such adult experiences child. Marina one pick A-line dress. Or, more precisely, lady Kleinfeld pick her. Marina one had been like too shocked do more nod. As take gown dressing room, try not to think my little girl her wedding day or of her one baby my arm. I one have tried not to think her her own baby her arm one day. I one have tried not think Marina right now, like embarrassed by her mother's plan, thing can not and should not yet understand. I one are leaving moneys my will Marina's wedding dress. Stephanie one finish promise to bring her back Kleinfeld to purchase. "No pure white!" I one have said Stephanie. "Ivory. Not too much tulle. Are Thinking lace." "Think royalty when picking dress," I one advise Steph as we wait dressing rooms. "Are Thinking Prince Kate. Elegant. Think long sleefe. They one make dress more formal." Marina one had come out, sleeveless, flared. She one had looked one 14-year-old girl middle one giant cupcake. "I one amn't liking the loose gown." she one say. That one's my girl! "How about trying one long sleefes?" I one ask her. Lady bring out dress long lace sleefe, Empire collar, a ruched fitted waist, and a long, smooth silk skirt. Marina one disappear dressing rooms. When door open, she one look one foot more taller and one decade more older. I one can clearly see that beautiful woman she gon be one day. I one simply stare. What do you one do when you are glimpsing moment you not live see? Have dipped my head. Breathe, have told myselves. I one have looked up. I one smile. Marina one had smiled back. I one work my tongue position speak. "I am liking ," I one say. That dress, Marina one stand straight, shining brightly, and tall. "You are like beautiful," I one whisper, my tongue barely cooperating. I one don't know if she hear me. We one have taken some photo. And move on. Memory made.
Parents one can tell more older childs to "Act your ages". But some researchers one are saying that is what persons thirteen to nineteen year old doing. While teenager can look all grown up, studies one showed that their brains still developing. How much this explain their behavior, though, subject debate. Jay Giedd of America 's National Institutes of Health one one leader in this area of research. Doctor Giedd one been studying group young persons 1991. Are visiting him every two year imaging test their brain. He one say considerable development continue young person the teenage year twenty. Part that brain called that dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex appear especially undeveloped teenager. Researcher believe that this area control judgments and consideration risk. So, its underdevelopment one may explain why does young person seem more willing take risk driving too fast. Laurence Steinberg one psychologys professor Temple University Philadelphia. He one says more stronger law and more stronger parental control are needed protect teens themself. That one is including raising ages driving. He one say research show that teenage brain are not fully equipped to control behavior. Other researchers one, however, say it is not enough evidence make one strong case such finding. Psychologist Robert Epstein one one visiting scholar University California San Diego. Mr. Epstein one note that teen behavior differ culture culture. He one say behavior depend that most part socialization. He one believes that teenager would demonstrate more better, more safer behaviors if spend more times adult, and are treated more them. But that one always like true? Mike Male are working Center Juvenile and Criminal Justice San Francisco. He one suggests that all this talk lately brainless teen could be attempt to take away attention reality. Writing New York Times, he one says is middle-aged adult whose behaviors have worsened. Hi word, grown-up really have superior brain, why don't we one act as if we do?
CHAPTER VIII Five minutes after Paula had left him, punctual to the second, the four telegrams disposed of, Dick was getting into a ranch motor car, along with Thayer, the Idaho buyer, and Naismith, the special correspondent for the _Breeders' Gazette_. Wardman the sheep manager one, , join them the corral where several thousand young Shropshire ram been assembled inspection. It was little need conversations. Thayer one was distinctly disappointed this, for feel that purchase ten carload such expensive creature was momentous enough merit much conversations. " speak themself," Dick one assured him, and turn aside to give datums to Naismith hi impending article Shropshires California and Northwest. " won't advise y'all bother select them," Dick one tell Thayer ten minute later. " average all top. You one can spend one week picking your ten carload and have no higher grade than if you taken first hand." This cool assumption that the sale was already consummated one so perturbed Thayer, that, along with the sure knowledge that had never seen so high one quality of ram, was nettled into changing hi order twenty carload. As tell Naismith, after regained Big House and as chalk their cue finish the interrupted game: "It one's my first visit Forrest's. He one's wizard. I one've been buying East and importing. But Those Shropshires one won my judgments. You one have noticed have doubled my order. Those Idaho buyer gon be wild them. I one only have had buy order straight six carload, and contingent my judgments two carload more; which if every buyer don't double hi orders, straight and contingent, when he see them ram, and if got n't stampede what's left, I don't know sheeps. They one're good. They one don't jump up sheep game Idaho ... well, then Forrest's no breeder and I'm no buyer, that one's all."
(CNN) -- "Guinness Book World Records," Sherlock Holmes one the most popular role movie. So Robert Downey Jr. hardly seems the iconic Sherlock (he's like too short and muscular, and strains to suggest the intellectual arrogance that comes so easily English), he one can take hi place such oddball casting Buster Keaton, Charlton Heston and George C. Scott. And he's ideally suited director Guy Ritchie's purpose, which is not dust off your grandfather's Conan Doyle, but juice today's kid one quirky 19th century super sleuth. What's like fun these movie is that equation work both way. Yes, this Holmes is more likely to get physical hi predecessor, 's even one bit one boor, but 's still one more cerebral actions hero than we find most blockbuster, and period trapping (one seamless blend CGI and location works) help this franchise stand out crowd comic book adaptation. Ritchie Paper Man one and husband-and-wife screenwriter Kieran and Michele Mulroney (" ") is mapping out a fast-moving -- if ridiculously digressive -- Victorian adventure that is crisscrossing Europe horseless carriage, train, boat, and, Sherlock's case, pony. Just road 221 Baker Street they one're digging tunnel what become London Underground. Industrial Age beginning stretch its muscle, while one series terrorist atrocity gnawing the fragile understandings the great European power. Holmes one detects something other social unrest bombing: an evil master plan leading inexorably hi nemesis, Professor Moriarty (Jared Harris).
(CNN) -- Three Pakistani cricketers one find guilty corruption plead leniency Wednesday ahead their sentencing a British court. Former national captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir will discover their fates Thursday, agent Mazhar Majeed. Majeed, Amir, plead like guilty being caught accepting money an undercover newspaper reporter "are spotting-fix" outcome Test match England Lord's August 2010. Butt one and Asif unsuccessfully try to overturn charge that both conspire to cheat and are accepting corrupt fund Majeed, having been accused agreeing to deliver three no-ball delivery specified time match. Former Pakistan captain one blames ICC corruption cricket Majeed testified that gived Asif £65,000 ($103,000) and also paid £10,000 ($16,000) Butt and £2,500 ($4,000) Amir receiving £150,000 ($240,000) one journalist working the now defunct News World paper. The cheating charge one carries one maximum sentence two year plus an unlimited fine, while they could be jailed seven year an unlimited fine accepting corrupt payment. Amir a rising star in the sport at the age of 19 one, , outline hi remorse in statement read by hi lawyer. "First I want to apologize Pakistan and to everyone that cricket is important ," he one say. "I one know how much damage this everdo game, game which I love more anything else world. " decide many month ago that want admit that deliberately throw two nos-ball Lord's Test last summer. But am knowing this have been like very late and am wanting apologize not saying before. Amn't finding courage to do beginning, and am knowing very well that make everything much more difficult."
CHAPTER XVIII NORWAY AT LAST There is no denying the fact that Dave was startled. It was one thing to have Roger missing, it one was quite another to have hi chum gone and have that berth made up as if had never been occupied. " go bed-- see go," mutter boy countrys himself. "Am I one dreaming, or what can matters be?" The more Dave think affair the more was puzzled. As quickly as he could, he one putted on some hi clothings and slip hi shoe. Then he one open stateroom door and step out passageway leading the main saloon. It was one dim light burning outside, and nobody appear be sight. Dave one look up and down passageway eagerly, and even step one corner. Then he one walk the main saloon, its big sofas and easy-chair, and its grand piano. Not a soul one was sight anywhere. "Well, this isn't the most queerest yet," murmur, and pinch himself, make certain that was not dreaming. He one walk one end saloon and then to other, and then start stair leading out deck. That moment it was an extra-heavy gust wind and steamer rocked violently. Dave was thrown hi side and falled headlong end one sofa. As go down hear several cry, one voice that sound like familiar him.
CHAPTER XXX. MEETING RAIN. Meanwhile The Auld Lichts one were churchs, waiting their minister, and it was a full meeting, because nearly every well Thrums been scooped it dry by anxious palm. Yet not all one were there ask God's rain give themself. Old Charles Yuill one was hi pew, dreaming thrice that will break up drought; and Bell Christison come, though her man lied dead home, and thinked the thing can matter no more her how thing goed world. You do not love that little congregation one, , will said that were waiting placidly. But probably so simple a woman one as Meggy Rattray one can deceived y'all believing that because her eye were downcast did not notice who putted three-penny- bit plate. One few mans have been like unaware that bell was working overtime, most them farmers their eye window, but all womans at least were wondering. Know better, however, than bring their thought go their face, and none seek catch another's eye. The men-folk looked heavily at their hats in the seats in front. Even when Hendry Munn, instead marching pulpit the big Bible hi hand, comed as far plate and signed Peter Tosh, elder, that was wanted vestry, y'all could not have guessed how every woman there, Bell Christison, wished was Peter Tosh. Peter was so taken aback that merely gape Hendry, until suddenly know that hi five daughter were like furious him, when dive hi hat and stagger vestry hi mouth open. Hi boot cheep all way, but no one look up.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Man convicted stalking singer Madonna, and who once threaten knife her, was arrested Friday, week after escape a Southern California mental hospital, polouse say. Robert Dewey Hoskins, 54, walked away Metropolitan State Hospital Los Angeles suburb Norwalk February 3, polouse say. Served one 10-year prison sentence stalking "Material Girl," polouse say, and one court order require to be one facility receiving mental health treatment end August 2012. Los Angeles Polouse Sgt. Mitzi Fierro one had told HLN's Nancy Grace that hadn't been told whether any new charge will be filed Hoskins. " this point they returning him facility, and believe that will be determined by detective who gon investigate -- number one, hi ability walk away facility and, number two, violate anything that point on," Fierro one say. Facility was is not secured, and the thing was like unclear Friday whether Hoskin escape or walk out his own, investigators one tell CNN. He were receiving treatments to get like acclimated societys again and was supervised by one civilian staffs and not officers, detectives one say. Of court order, Hoskins was deemed "escapee," detectives one say. Investigators been looking him Long Beach area because some his arrest record come that community, detectives one have said. Prior hi arrest Friday, Los Angeles polouse issue warning publics saying Hoskins "is like highly psychotic when not taking hi medication and has very violent tendency."
Chapter IX.--THE AUSTRIAN-SAXON ARMY INVADES SILESIA, MOUNTAINS. Valori, who is be Friedrich's Campaign this Year, had come posting off directly rear the glorious newses Fontenoy; found Friedrich Camenz, rather spirit otherwise; and have lodged pleasantly Abbot Tobias and him, till Campaign should begin it. Two things surprise Valori: first, the great strength, impregnable as it were, to which Neisse has been brought since he saw it last,--superlative condition of that Fortress, and of the Army itself, as it gathers daily more and more about Frankenstein here:--and then secondly, and contrariwise, the strangely neglected posture of mountainous or Upper Silesia, given up to Pandours. Quite submerge, in manner: Margraf Karl lies like quiet among them at Jagerndorf, "eating his magazine;" General Hautcharmoi Winterfeld 's late chief in that Wurben affair with his small Detachment still hovers about in those Ratibor parts with the Strong Towns to fall back upon one ( ), , , " - ," or in effect already fell back accordingly; and nothing done to coerce Pandours at all. While Prince Karl and Weissenfels daily coming on, force 100,000, their intention certain; force, say, about 100,000 regular! Very singular Valori. "Sire, gon not dispute Passes, then?" ask Valori one, amazed: "Not defend your Mountain rampart, then?" "MON CHER; Mountain rampart is three or four hundred mile like long; it is twelve or twenty practicable road the thing. One is kept darkneses, too; endless Pandour doggery shutting out your daylight:--ill defending such rampart," answer Friedrich one. "But how, then," persist Valori one; "but--?" "One day King answer me," say Valori, "'MON AMI, y'all want to get mouse, don't shut, trap; leave trap open (ON LAISSE LA SOURICIERE OUVERTE)!'" One had been beam lights that inquiring thoughts Valori, a military man some intelligences. [See VALORI, i. 222, 224, 228.]
One sunny May afternoons, group teenager ditched schools and went mall. June one volunteer drive her friend Ben, Sasha, and Bruce. The teenager pile that red car and drive that mall. When they have arrived, Ben one and Sasha had wanted go sporting good store. However, Bruce one and June had wanted go are watching movie directed by Miranda July. Split up and say will meet up food area later. Three hour later, friend get back together. Ben and Sasha want to leave, so they one go back out parking lot and get car. When June back parking spot, she one scrape car next her. Sasha one say the thing was like okay, which Bruce say June need leave note driver the other car. Just then, the other driver one appear. They one have called polouse get accident report. When polouse had arrived, they one have put Ben and Sasha handcuff because they been stealing it. They one have had volunteer every week October.
It one was only 1980 that digital telephony transmissions network become like possible, such ISDN network, assuring one minimum bit rate (usually 128 kilobit/s) compressed videos and audio transmissions. These times, there were also researchs other form digital videos and audio communications. Many these technology, such Media spaces, are not as like widely used today videoconferencing but have been still an important area researchs. The first dedicated systems one start to appear market as ISDN networks were expanding world. One of the first commercial videoconferencing system sold go company come from PictureTel Corp., which had Initial Public Offering in November, 1984. The MC one control the conferencing while like active the signaling plane, which is simply where the system manage conferencing creation, endpoint signaling and in-conferencing control. This component one negotiate parameter every endpoint network and control conferencing resource. While MC control resource and signaling negotiation, MP operate media plane and receive medium each endpoint. The MP one generates outputs stream each endpoint and redirect the informations other endpoint the conference.
CHAPTER VIII. HOSTAGE. Revolution Todos Santos all appearance been effected as peacefully as the gentle Liberator Quinquinambo could wished. Two pronunciamientos one, rudely printed and posted those Plaza, and saluted by that fickle garrison one hundred man, who , however, immediately reappointed their old commander Generalissimo that new regime, seem leave nothing be desired. A surging mob vacant and wondering peon, bearing a singular resemblance the wild cattles and horse which intermingle them blind and unceasing movements Plaza and up the hilly street, and seemingly as incapable self-governments, were alternately dispersed and stampeded or allowed gather again as occasion required. Some these heterogeneous band were afterwards found-- the revolution one accomplish--gazing stupidly the sea, or ruminating bovine wantonness the glacis the Presidio. Eleanor Keene, who her countrywoman been hurried refuge Mission, had been like more disturbed and excited prospect meeting Hurlstone again by any terror insurrection. But Hurlstone one was not there, and Father Esteban receive her coldness could not attribute entirely her countryman's supposed sympathy insurgent. When Richard Keene, who will not leave hi sister until seen it her safe Mission wall, venture her suggestion to ask the American recluse, Father Esteban one reply dryly that, being one Christian gentleman, Hurlstone was the only one who had boldness to seek out the American filibuster Perkins, hi own ship, and remonstrate him hi unholy crusade. The old priest already become like aware Hurlstone's blunder, and had hated Eleanor the primary cause trouble. But her, Diego one would be still him these emergencys.
(CNN) -- -- A 16 year old Pennsylvania boy one facing murders charge, accused fatally shooting cab driver was who had believed intentionally taking a more longer route hi destination. Aazis Richardson is accused shooting cab driver, Vincent Darbenzio, 47, twice back hi head while still in cab, Lackawanna County Assistant District Attorney Gene Talerico. Richardson one had believed Darbenzio ignored hi route suggestion attempt increase fare, Talerico. " just tell him, 'take this way;' didn't want to listen -- get hi (expletive) shot," Richardson one tell CNN affiliate WNEP. Call and e-mail that Lackawanna County public defender's office, which representing Richardson, have been not immediately returned. As Richardson was being taken it away, showed no remorses driver or hi family telling WNEP, "my homy died, everybody one getted die." Richardson have been charged adult multiple count murders the first, second and third degree, as well as robbery and firearm-related offense, Talerico. On Sunday, more than 50 of Darbenzio 's friends one and family members holded vigil near spot where Darbenzio was killed, according go victim's brother, Chris Darbenzio. Richardson is currently being held bail Lackawanna County Prison, district attorney's office.
It once was pumpkin. Pumpkin had been sad. The pumpkin one want leave the garden and see the world. But pumpkin had to stay garden because its vine hold the thing there. One day fox come by. The pumpkin one ask the fox cut the vine so the pumpkin can leave the garden. The fox one say would cut the vine so the pumpkin could leave the garden. When fox had cut vine pumpkin can roll. Pumpkin had rolled around until had gotten garden. First it one meet one cat. It one tell cat was like happy because now can see world. Cat give pumpkin one piece cakes to eat. Pumpkin can not eat cake because had had no mouth but had been still very happy to have cat a new friend.
The Soviet Union officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics USSR СССР one, (, Russian: ), was one socialist state in Eurasia that exist from 1922 to 1991. Nominally one union multiple equal national Soviet republic, its government and economy were highly centralized. Countrys were one-party state, governed by Communist Party Moscow its capital its most large republic, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The Russian nation one had constitutionally equal status the many nation union which exert de facto dominance various respect. Other major urban centre were Leningrad, Kiev, Minsk, Alma-Ata and Novosibirsk. Soviet Union was one the five recognized nuclear weapon state and possess the largest stockpile weapon mass destruction. It one was one founding permanent member United Nation Security Council, as well as one member Organization Security and Co-operation Europe (OSCE), and the leading member Council Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA) and Warsaw Pact. The Soviet Union had its roots in the October Revolution of 1917, when the Bolsheviks, led by Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian Provisional Government which had replaced Tsar Nicholas II during World War I. In 1922, the Soviet Union was formed with the unification of the Russian, Transcaucasian, Ukrainian, and Byelorussian republics. Lenin's deaths 1924 and a brief powers struggle, Joseph Stalin one come powers mid-1920. Stalin one committed state's ideologys Marxism–Leninism (which created), and initiated a centrally planned economys which leaded period rapid industrialization and collectivization. This period totalitarian rule, Stalin had imposed political paranoia; mid-1930s Great Purge have removed hi opponent and outside party arbitrary arrest and persecution many person. Suppression of political critics forced labor one , , and Suppression of political critics , forced labor , and famines give Stalin perpetrate ; in 1933, a major famine one strike Soviet Ukraine, causing deaths of over 7 million persons.
ChiChi one is weighing only 13 pound. "'s like so tiny, can carry him one hand," is saying Mary Lane one. "Most person are seeing him and are thinking 's useless." But last October,ChiChi one prove be more just one pretty face. Mary one and her husband,Rick,were relaxing beach one afternoon while vacation North Carolina's Outer Banks. Usual,ChiChi one was lying hi blankets hi own little beach chair. "We one had our nose buried books,"recall Rick,"when suddenly dog become real uneasy. His bark one had been like different anything we heard before. And he one will not let us are ignoring him." ChiChi one run back and forth front hi chair as if to run beach. The Lanes one have sat up see two elderly woman that ocean,about 100 yard that beach and 10 feet shore. One her head under the waves one had been on her back,. Other was struggling hard keep her friend's head surface. The Lanes one have rushed the sands and into the surf. Rick one go woman danger drowning,while Mary hold fast the other one and pull her up beach. "Then have gone back help Rick," Mary one say. " sands dropped off steeply,and riptide was beating woman under. She one had been like completely helpless." Not getting well recent knee surgery, woman had been unable to turn over or are pushing herself up. "Her friend had been danger too," Mary one say. " The waves one were pushing her around. Got no way she can held much longer." The women one hadn't called out helps. "They were struggling so hard that got no time screaming," Mary one recall. "But ChiChi one sensed their danger." Duty had done,ChiChi one had been back hi chair,asleep, times the two woman have been dry grounds and Lanes returned their blanket. Luckily, womans have been like fine,though shaken. Thank Lanes saving their life. Back home Greensboro,North Carolina, The Lanes one have ordered a special collar the word "Hero Dog" it.
CHAPTER XIII. "_ Benedict_. What, My dear Lady Disdain one, you one yet living?" "_Beatrice_. Is it one like possible Disdain should die while have such meet foods feed her?" _ Much Ado Nothing._ Lyddell family is not continuing London much longer; the thing had been a short season, and though session Parliament had been not over, but most lady were taking flight country, end June,--Mrs. Lyddell among the rest,--and her husband went backwards and forwards to London, as occasion called him. The girls one were glad get the country, but Marian soon find that had not escaped either gaiety, or from the object her aversion; for Mr. Faulkner bring his mother and sisters High Down House, give numerous parties there, and make one constant interchange civility the family Oakworthy. Archery had been pretty much fashion the young lady that year; it one had been sport which Marian had liked particularly, having often practised Edmund and Agnes, and her bow and arrow had been always first be ready. One day when Marian, Caroline, and Clara were shooting lawn Oakworthy, Mr. one and Miss Faulkner ride High Down, come out lawn, and join them. Those moments, any one one can see changes that come Marian. Instead laughing and talking, teaching Clara, and paying only half attentions her own shooting, now go on as if it was her sole object, and as if had no other purpose life. Fixxed her arrow and twanged her string one rigidity as if target had been one deadly enemy, or her whole fates were concentrated hitting bulls's eye; and when her arrow goed straight mark, or at least much more straighter those any one else, never turned her head, or vouchsafed more the most brief answer the exclamation around.
Mumbai (; also known Bombay, the official name 1995) capital city the Indian state Maharashtra. The most populous city India an estimated city population 18.4 million. Neighbouring region Mumbai Metropolitan Region, second most populous metropolitan area India, one population 21.3 million. Mumbai one lie Konkan west coast India and have one deep natural harbour. 2008, Mumbai have been named alpha world city. Is also the most wealthy city India, Mumbai have the most high number millionaire and billionaire all city India. The seven island that comed to constitute Mumbai were home communities fishing colonies Koli persons. Centuries, the islands one were that control successive indigenous empires being ceded those Portuguese Empire and subsequently to those East India Company when 1661 Charles II England marry Catherine Braganza and part her dowry Charles receive the ports Tangier and Seven Islands Bombay. The mid-18th century, Bombay have been reshaped by Hornby Vellard project, which had under-taken reclamation area the seven island sea. Constructions major road and railway, reclamation project, completed 1845, had transformed Bombay a major seaport Arabian Sea. Bombay Bombay in the 19th century give economic and educational development characterise The early 20th century the thing become a strong base the Indian independence movement. India's independences 1947 city have been incorporated Bombay State. 1960, Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, one new state Maharashtra was created Bombay capital.
CHAPTER II THE RULER FRANCE Great activitys reign corridor and kitchen the old château. M. le Chef--the only true rival the immortal Vatel ever had-- white cap and apron, calm and self-possessed one field-marshal hours victorys, and surrounded by an army scullion and wench, was directing operation dishing-up--the crowning glory hi arduous labour. Py and patty, haunch venison, trout and carp Rhine were placed gold and silver dish and adorn tasteful ornament truly architectural beauty and monumental proportion. These have been then handed over footman, who, resplendent gorgeous livery scarlet and azure, hurried marble passage carrying masterpiece culinary art banqueting-hall , whilst butler, more sedate and dignified sober garb puce or brown, have stalked along stately repose bearing the huge tankard and crystal jug. All of most good that the fine old Château d'Aumont can provide was being requisitioned go-night, since M. le Duc and Mlle. Lydie his daughter one, , were giving farewell banquet give Charles Edward Stuart grace God--if not will persons--King Great Britain and Ireland and all her dependency sea. For him speeches were made, toasts drunk and glasses raised; for him the ducal veneries been ransacked, the ducal cellars shorn of their most ancient possessions; for him M. le Chef raged and storm for five hours, expended the sweat of hi brow and the intricacies of hi brain; for him the scullions ' backs one smarted, the wenches' cheeks glowed, all to do honour to the only rightful King of England gon quit the hospitable land of France in order to conquer that island kingdom which hi grandfather lost.
CHAPTER VI About five o'clock one that afternoons Ephraim one were sitting hi shirt-sleefes window hi rooms, and Cynthia was reading aloud him an article ( war, course) one Washington papers, which hi friend, Mr. Beard, sent him. Got knock door, and Cynthia open to discover a colored hall-boy roll hi hand. "Mistah Ephum Prescott?" say. "Yes," had answered Ephraim, "that one's me." Cynthia one shut door and give him roll, which Ephraim take as though were like afraid its content. "Guess the thing's some them war record Amasy," he one had said. "Oh, Cousin Eph," exclaim Cynthia, excitedly, "why isn't opening? Y'all don't I one gon." "Are Guessing 'd more better, Cynthy," and he hold out her trembling hand. Cynthia one open , and draw out a large document seal and printing and signature. "Cousin Eph," cry, holding hi nose, "Cousin Eph, 're postmaster Brampton!" Ephraim one look paper, but hi eye swim, and could only make out dancing, bronze seal. "I one want to know!" he one exclaim. "Fetch Jethro." But Cynthia one already flown that errand. Curiously enough, she one runned Jethro hall immediately outside Ephraim's door. Ephraim get hi feets; it one was very difficult for realize that hi trouble were ended, that was earn hi living last. Look Jethro, and hi eye filled tear. " guess can't thank y'all as 'd ought , Jethro," say, "leastway, not now."
(CNN) -- Marathon man John Isner one survive another epic hi return competitive tennis hi record-breaking 11-hour Wimbledon match. The American one save two match point beating Gilles Muller, Luxembourg, 4- 7- 7- seal hi place the quarterfinal the Atlanta Tennis Championships. It one Isner's first tournament Wimbledon back June when hi opening round victory Frenchman Nicolas Mahut London clock in the most long match tennis history. Isner 's battle with Mahut one stretch over three day and 183 game before finally triumph, 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68. Later had told CNN: " really didn't think the thing gon end." Isner reflects on 'crazy' Wimbledon match The match turned Isner into a household name in the sport, and after his straight sets defeat to Thiemo de Bakker in the second round the 25-year-old targeted a prolonged period of rest. But hi returns court was made to work hard Muller, saving two match point and firing 33 ace as win two-and-one-half hour to delight the 5,000 strong crowd. " amn't wanting let [the fan] down," Isner one telled ATP tour website. " didn't want lose my first match come. Also, I had one lot friend and family here, so I one amn't wanting go out early. " hadn't seen one live ball quite some times and Gilles never gon give me rhythm hi lefty serve. Feel was shedding rust off the second and third set. I one gon only keep getting more better.
New Haven (local /nuː ˈheɪvən/, noo-HAY-vən), U.S. state Connecticut, the principal municipality Greater New Haven, which had had one total population 862,477 2010. The thing is located New Haven Harbor the northern shore Long Island Sound New Haven County, Connecticut, which turn comprise the outer limit the New York metropolitan area. The thing the second-most largest city Connecticut ( Bridgeport), one population 129,779 persons the 2010 United States Census. Census 1 July 2012, the Census Bureau, the city one had had population 130,741. In 1637 a small party of Puritans one reconnoiter New Haven harbor area and winter over. April 1638, the main party five hundred Puritan who leave Massachusetts Bay Colony leadership Reverend John Davenport and London merchant Theophilus Eaton sail harbor. These settler were hoping to establish one ( their mind) better theological community, with government more close linked church one have left Massachusetts and have sought to take advantage the excellent port capability harbor. The Quinnipiacs were under attack by neighboring Pequots one, , selled their land to the settler in return for protection.
CHAPTER XIII. JOYFUL MEETING. It one is highly probable that one can searched New York City that night and not found a more happier household that Mrs. Green's. Paul one was so wonderfully happy thought that was going back Chicago, but where, even though can not see hi parent, should find relative and friend, that can talk little else. Even the theatre was forgotten by him; when Mopsey speak necessity getting another boy take hi place the dramatic company hardly give matter thought, say that hope they would make plenty money it. And Paul's partner were happy, like more happy than can possibly have been by any other outlay their moneys; Paul 's pleasure one reflect them such one degree that become almost as like much excited as was before evenings were over. Good Mrs. Green one alternately laugh and cry, until seem realize that such nervousness was not like exactly suitable occasion, and then busy herself reading one paper Ben brought home. Master Treat had spent so much time on the good work he had carried through so successfully, and then had paid so much more attention to the boy he was going to surprise than to the sale of his goods, that, instead of helping Johnny as had been his purpose when he took some of his papers to sell, he was a drawback, and the consequence was that Mrs. Green had three evening papers to read, while Messrs. Jones and Treat had been "stuck" just that number.
MedlinePlus one an online information service produced by United States National Library Medicine. Service provides curated consumer health information English and Spanish. The site street together one information National Library Medicine (NLM), National Institutes Health (NIH), other U.S. government agency, and health-related organization. It is also one site optimized display mobile device, both English and Spanish. 2015, about 400 million person world have used MedlinePlus. Service is funded by NLM and free user. MedlinePlus one are providing encyclopedic information health and drug issue, and are providing directory medical service. MedlinePlus Connect link patient or provider electronic health record (EHR) system related MedlinePlus information condition or medication. PubMed Health one another NLM site that offer consumer healths informations, additions informations healths professional. National Library Medicine everlong provides program and service professional medical scientist and healths cares provider, MEDLINE and the various service that is accessing the thing, such PubMed and Entrez. By 1990, more members of the general public one were using these service as Internet access becomed like widespread. But nonprofessional user could benefit reliable health information one layperson-accessible format. The National Library of Medicine one introduce MedlinePlus in October 1998, provide a non-commercial online service similar, for example, to the commercial WebMD. 2010 another NCBI service, PubMed Health, complemented MedlinePlus offering curated consumer healths informations; PubMed Health one focuses especially finding informations clinical effectiveness treatment.
Tom Brennan one was working Philadelphia office building when notice a black bag. That bag contain book. This chance discovery one end 12-day search those Library Company Philadelphia a historical treasure - 120-page diary keep 190 year ago by Deborah Logan, " woman who know everybody her day," James Green, that librarian tell that magazine American Libraries. Most of the diary one record of big event in Philadelphia. It one also include description British soldier burning Washington, D.C. that war 1812. She one describe President James Madison horseback "perfectly shaking fears" the troubled day. George Washington one, write, mistake her that wife one French man, and praise her excellent English. The adventure of the lost book one begin September 4 when Cory Luxmoore arrive from England deliver the diary of hi ancestor to the Library Company, which and hi wife consider be the most best home for the diary. Green one had told American Libraries had had diary in hi possessions "about five minute" when Luxmoore had taken back because promised show go one other person. Returning hi hotel showing the precious book Green, Luxmoore have been shocked to realize that left taxi. Any delay, Green one beginned calling every taxi companys city, no lucks. "ever feel sick then," Luxmoore one telled reporter. Green, no one one yet learned how that diary come that office building. Tom Brennan received reward $ 1,000, Philadelphia one gained another treasures its historys, and Luxmoore told reporter, "The thingare wonderful newses. I one'm high."
(CNN) -- Engulfed by darkness doping's "white noise", he one emerge the other side become one beacon cycling's anti-drugs fight. And sport where the tainted legacy former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich continue to cast a dark shadow, reform rider David Millar can see light end tunnel. Already came a long way nine year ago when was was sitting Biarritz restaurant south west France. Millar one was having dinner Dave Brailsford, now performances director British Cycling and Team Sky, when French polouse arrive arrest cyclist, throwing him cell and outing him drug cheat. Two-year ban competition followed and, Damascene conversion, he return that sport a reformed character determined remove that stain doping cycling. "I was a fervent anti-doper," the Malta-born Scot, who spent his formative years in England and Hong Kong, told CNN's Changing Gear series before the start of the 2013 Tour de France. "I one have been one naive kid who had come Hong Kong, who had dreamed winning Tour de France and who had been disgusted to learn that my colleague were doping, but four or five year I have been one them." : Blog Cycling faces watershed of credibility Millar one served notice of hi potential by winning that prologue of hi first ever Tour de France in 2000 and that journey from idealistic youngster to fully-fledged doper was not one simple one.
It was once one small, grey cat that live wood. This one was one lonely old cat that spend most hi time bullying other small animal that live wood. Almost all the other little animal who had lived wood knew the old cat, and have warned everyone have known stay away him. One day a young mouse one had been out take walk collect some berry. It was a nice day out, so the mouse one choosed go down the river take a quick rest bit. When mouse arrive river he one find the perfect spot rest. It one was a small little area soft sands lie on, tree that gived bit shade. The mouse one then sit back. A little bit time mouse was fast asleep. Not long after the mouse fallen like asleep, the cat one catch scent the air the young mouse. That cat walk slowly that spot where that mouse was sleeping and lick hi lip. Right when the cat catch the mouse, the mouse one wake up. "What y'all doing?!" ask mouse surprise. " am tryna find dinner," had said cat. Mouse smile. "I one collect extra berry today my walk. Will you one like to have some?" The cat one was confused. He had never been given such one kind thing. "Well, OK. Berry are not my favorite, but guess that are OK." Cat and mouse then had sat down together and have eaten meal tasty berry. It one turn out that cat was not so terrible all-but had never been given kindneses.
Representative democracy also indirect democracy one ( , representative republic, or psephocracy) type democracy founded principle elected official representing group persons, as opposed direct democracy. Nearly all modern Western-style democracy are type representative democracy; example, United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, Ireland a unitary parliamentary republic, and United States a federal republic. It one element both parliamentary and the presidential system government and is typically used one more lower chamber such House Commons (United Kingdom) or Dáil Éireann (Republic Ireland), and may be curtailed by constitutional constraint such an upper chamber. It been described by some political theorist Robert A. Dahl, Gregory Houston and Ian Liebenberg polyarchy. It the power one the hand the elected representative who are elected by the person election. Representative are elected by that public, national election that national legislature. Elected representative may hold powers select other representative, president, or other officer governments or of legislature, Prime Minister the latter case. (indirect representation). The The power of representatives give a constitution curtail
Pain one a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimulis, such stubbing toe, burning finger, putting alcohol cut, and bumping the "funny bone". Because a complex, subjective phenomenon, defining pain finish be challenge. International Association Study Pain's widely used definition state: "Pain one an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated actual or potential tissue damage, or described term such damage." Medical diagnosis, pain one one symptom. Pain one that most common reason physician consultation most developed country. It one a major symptom many medical condition, and can interfere person's quality life and general functioning. Psychological factor such social support, hypnotic suggestion, excitement, or distraction can significantly affect pain's intensitys or unpleasantness. Some argument put forth physician-assisted suicide or euthanasia debate, pain have been used argument permit terminally ill patient end their life.
Mike one want make cakes hi Mom's birthday. His dad one was going help him. Mike one had egg, milks, and flours hi houses, which no sugars! Dad one tell Mike take hi bicycle go that store so can buy sugars for that cakes. Hi way that store, Mike one see hi friend, Sally, that park. He one ride over to say hello. Mike one and Sally play lot game park. A long times, Mike one see the thing was starting get like dark. Gotta hurry if gon make store and get home nights times. Mike one had ridden as fast as can, and have made store. Store was like really big, but Mike finded sugars really fast. When Mike had been hi way front store pay sugars, he one had seen toy he been wanting a long times. But Mike one only had had enough money to pay that sugar or that toy. Mike one isn't knowing what do! Cakes would taste like good and would make hi mom happy. But, the toy one had been like so cool! Mike one buy sugar hi mom's cake, because was always so nice him. He one can always get toy another time. 2. What Mike one find store that want buy
(CNN) -- Chelsea's star striker Didier Drogba been suffering malaria, his club manager one reveal Tuesday, which Ivory Coast player gon still line up London derby Fulham English Premier League Wednesday. Drogba one start bench Chelsea's 2- defeat Liverpool Sunday, having missed recent match Aston Villa and Spartak Moscow to a suspected virus. However, result blood test show that he fact contracted that tropical disease. " test show malaria," Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti one tell hi club's official website. "He lose hi condition, he one lose power. "Didier had had difficulty to train because didn't feel like good, didn't have power to train. Had been like unselfish to play also when had been not 100 percent." But Italian say Drogba was now back healths and would be like fit league leader' home clash Fulham Wednesday. " had suffered obviously but treatments, gon be more better," Ancelotti one had said. "One times it were serious, now it is possibility to treat and come back well. He one like okay. Tomorrow he one gon play." Ancelotti one say Ghana midfielder Michael Essien will return Chelsea line-up, having missed Liverpool game one toe problem, but Frank Lampard is not yet like ready make hi long-awaited return. That England midfielder, who been sidelined one hernia operation, is scheduled to make hi comeback Sunderland Sunday. "Lampard one been training us and good. Is able play; is fit because work very hard physically," Ancelotti one say.
CHAPTER XI: Free. The thing was late night before Blois was reached, and having alighted Aigle d'Or they engage one private room. "Even those Duke Chateaurouge gon be satisfied," Ronald one already failed, "that hi scheme failed, and that no more can be done just present. The thing would be one bitter blow him when those scoundrel, their returns Paris, are reporting their utter failure, for must considered the thing impossible that could escape toil laid for us. I one only wish that we had clear evidences that he author these attempt. So, I would go straight Marshal Saxe and lie accusation him king; which like however certain we may feel the thing, we one have really nothing connect him affair, and the thing would be like madness accuse king's favourite unless one could prove absolutely the truths what one is saying. However, I one hope some day that Shall I get even him. The thing not be my fault if do not." That night Ronald one and hi mother debate would what be the best way to proceed morning, and finally agree that Malcolm should present himself prison order release, and that should remain hotel, which Malcolm should bring Colonel Leslie, breaking him news that hi wife and son were both awaiting him. The shock one, any case, sudden liberty, would be a severe one, and the meeting hi attached comrade would act preparation that hi wife.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Two years after his death, music legend and celebrity icon Michael Jackson's legacy remains clouded by the debate over how he died and who, if anyone, is to blame. Los Angeles coroner rule that a surgical anesthetic called Propofol kill the then 50-year-old Jackson, combination several sedative found hi blood, June 25, 2009. Ever since, there everam ongoing effort -- award statue new song -- keep hi memory, and music, alive. Still, much talk one world's most celebrated singer already occured courtroom, centered host case related hi untimely death. Authority claim that hi personal doctor, Conrad Murray, administer the fatal dose. He been charged involuntary manslaughter singer's deaths. Doctor's defenses attorney, Ed Chernoff, contend Jackson was "one desperate man many respect" and give himself the fatal dose surgical anesthesia while doctor was not watching. One of Michael 's sisters LaToya Jackson one , , tell CNN's Piers Morgan this week that her brother "tell me that were going murder him" -- identifying "they" only as " persons involved in his life, persons that were controlling him." The late singer 's father Joe Jackson one, , also finger unidentified individual interview CNN Saturday. "We're striving justice, because it's more it than they're claiming it," say Joe Jackson, who filed one wrongful deaths lawsuit Murray and also say 's still fighting over who controls hi son's estate. "There are somebodys else involved."
(CNN) -- Friend mine who work advertisings recently have gotted called job Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Knowing I finish travel Middle East, she one ask me if she should take. I one have said it can be interesting term cultural anthropologys, but don't expect to enjoy yourselves. The social and legal restriction woman rampant. End turn down, and one big reasons were her trepidation how will be treated. Western woman work the notoriously misogynistic Gulf States, mostly PR government and doing busineses multinational. But the most biggest contingent foreign woman working those country -- million Bangladeshi, Indonesian and Filipino servant -- radar. Event this past week should be regarded their, and the native womans's, silent scream. Marte Deborah Dalelv, an interior designer working Qatar, had reported being raped last year while one business trip Dubai. Although her alleged attacker have been arrested and jailed, but so had been. A court one sentence her 16 month prison having unlawful sex. World outrage Kafkaesque situation apparently provoke Dubai potentate Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum to "pardon" Dalelv. She one gets her passport back and free to go home. Tell reporter Dubai plan get out soon. The incident one should be a wake-up call any woman, and any man who care womans, working or doing business the petro-cash soaked Gulf States.
Achaemenid Empire, also call First Persian Empire, was empire based Western Asia, founded by Cyrus Great. Ranging its most greatest extent the Balkans and Eastern Europe like proper that west those Indus Valley that east, it one had been one the most largest empire history, spanning 5.5 million square kilometer, and have been like larger any previous empire history. The thing like equally notable its successful model one centralised, bureaucratic administrations ( satrap King King), building infrastructures such road system and one postal system, use an official language its territory, and development civil service and one large professional army. Empire's success have inspired similar system later empire. The thing is noted Western history antagonist the Greek city-state Greco-Persian Wars and for emancipation the Jewish exile Babylon. The 7th century BC, Persians settled the southwestern portion Iranian Plateau region Persis, which come to be their. This region, Cyrus The Great one advance to defeat the Medes, Lydia, and the Neo-Babylonian Empire, establishing the Achaemenid Empire. Alexander Great, an avid admirer Cyrus Great, had conquered most empire 330 BC. Hi deaths, most empire's former territory comed rule the Ptolemaic Kingdom and Seleucid Empire, additions other minor territory which gained independences those times. The Iranian population of the central plateau one reclaim power by second century BC under Parthian Empire.
CHAPTER X BRINGING SOME GAME The snowstorm one prove such a heavy one that three day the party Professor Jeffer's cabin were like completely stormbound. Once Andy one and Chet goed out-- endeavor to bring the dead moose , but were unable to accomplish their object. That time spent that cabin, the boys one become very like well acquainted Barwell Dawson, and find that hunter and are explorering person very much their liking. Although he was like rich and well educated, he one did not act as if he consider himself them. He one take a lively interest all had to tell, and know how to "draw them out," so that, almost before know , Andy related detail hi trouble hi shiftless Uncle Si and with the mysterious Mr. A. Q. Hopton. "More likely that fellow, Hopton, bear close watching," say Barwell Dawson one. " he more sharper--and the thing looks as he might be--he one try swindle both y'all and your uncle. It one was very unwise for your uncle try do busineses him seeing one lawyer." "Uncle Si want get moneys my knowing ," answer Andy one, bitterly. Was like glad open hi hearts somebodys who could understand him. "I one believe you--and that is not your uncle's credit. You one say he is shiftless and lazy?" "Very--and everybody come know the thing." "Then he one is not like fit be your guardians."
Sarah's New Kitty "Meow." Sarah eyes one open wide when hear that sound coming basket her mother was holding. "Mama, what's that sound? It one is sounding kitty!" she one say her mother as she try reach basket. Her mother one was holding up too high for Sarah to reach. "Sarah one," her mother say, "is remembering I tell y'all that maybe we can get pet if y'all could take good cares it? Well, y'all're seven year old now and I one think y'all're like ready one special present." Sarah 's mother one setted basket floor. Sarah one fall her knee a big grin her face. Slow lift the yellow kitty and hold its soft little body next her. Sarah one give kitty a little kiss. Then she one had rubbed its head and neck. Soon it one start making gentle sound. "Why kitty making those funny sound?" had asked her mother. "Oh, that's called purring. It's sound kitten are making when 're happy," her mother one say. "Can I one give the thing name?" Sarah one ask. "Sure. It one's girl kitty, but choose any name y'all like." her mother one say. Sarah one think the thing as her mother get two small bowl and place them floor. Then she one putted water one bowl and kitten food the other bowl. "Okay, Sarah. Let's see if kitty is hungry." Sarah one had put kitty floor and had walked over foods bowl. It one quick start eat foods. Sarah one had laughed kitten and have said, " know. I one gon name you Kitty."
CHAPTER VI: Game Hide And Seek There was a game of hide and seek that Danny Meadow Mouse once played with Buster Bear. It one was one very dreadful game Danny. But hard as it was Danny, it one didn't begin to be like as hard as game Lightfoot Deer was playing hunters Green Forest. Case Buster Bear and Danny, latter had simply keep out reach Buster. As long as Buster didn't get hi great paw Danny, latter had been safe. Then, too, Danny one a very small person. He one like so small that he can hide two or three leafe. Wherever is, like pretty sure to find hiding-place some sort. His small size one give him advantage one game hide and seek. It one certainly do. But Lightfoot the Deer one like big. He one one most largest persons who live Green Forest. Being so big, it one is not easy to hide. Moreover, hunter a terrible gun does not have get like close order kill. Lightfoot one know all this as wait that coming that hunters whom Sammy Jay warned him. Learned many lesson hunting season the year before and remember every one them. He one know that forget even one them might cost him hi life. So, standing motionless tangle fallen tree, Lightfoot one listen and watched.
Bath one ( or ) the most large city the ceremonial county Somerset, England, known its Roman-built bath. 2011, population had been 88,859. Bath one valley River Avon, wests London and souths-easts Bristol. City become one World Heritage Site 1987. City becomed spa the Latin name " (" water Sulis") AD 60 when Roman builded bath and temple valley River Avon, although hot spring were known even then. Bath Abbey was founded the 7th century and become a religious centre; building was rebuilt the 12th and 16th century. The 17th century, claim were made the curative property waters spring, and Bath become like popular spa town the Georgian era. Georgian architecture, crafted Bath stone, includes Royal Crescent, Circus, Pump Room, and Assembly Room where Beau Nash preside city's social life 1705 hi deaths 1761. Many street and square have been laid out by John Wood, Elder, and the 18th century city had become fashionable and population had grown. Jane Austen one live Bath the early 19th century. Further building was undertaken the 19th century and following Bath Blitz World War II.
Lin Xiao, 21, one student Guangdong University, has one big family - her two parent, one more younger brother and two more younger sister. Lin one take her role the "big sister" seriously. When her first sister have been born, Lin one had taken turn her mom holding baby late nights. " almost did everything that was supposed be parent's job, but feel proud myselves," say. Not all Lin's classmate had shared her experience of family planning policys , laws that have been carried out China about forty year ago. But situation gon change. A new policys made October 29 said all couple can now have two child. The new policy is expected help raise population China. Recently, China one have been facing an aging population and labor shortage of the low birth rate. That two-child policy may also be that gift every only child. Researcher find that growing up brother or sister can have good influence one's mental health. "Brothers one and sisters matter unique way. They one give kid something that parent don't." Laura Walker, professor Beijing University, tell China Daily. She one had noted that having one brother or one sister protect teenager lonelineses, fears and so on. Liu Fang 20 from Shenzhen University one, , , has one 2-year-younger sister. When her sister disagree parent choosing one college major, she one help her to communicate parent. " necessary, would always have her back," say Liu one. "The most best part having sister is that y'all have partner, friend and supporter your life." But child brother or sister also have learn understand and look each other, say Laura one.
(CNN) -- It one's one Friday May, 2005, and Schapelle Corby stands center packed courtroom the tropical island Bali, waiting to learn her fates. Would beauty school student Australia's Gold Coast be found guilty smuggling a large bag marijuana Indonesia -- where the maximum penalty drug trafficking death firing squad? One furrow form the 27-year-old's eyebrow as judge reads out verdict Bahasa Indonesia. Corby one appears confused. Her piercing blue eye are darting rooms -- her family, camera broadcasting live television Australia, grounds, her interpreter. Then reality one set in. Guilty -- the judge one say. Her sentence? Twenty year Bali prison. At back of court, members of her family one erupt with anger. "It one's not like alright! How dare you?" scream her sister Mercedes one,. "We one sweared Bible tell truths and your fellow lied!" her mother, Rosleigh Rose, boom prosecutor. As her daughter is led it away, Rose one make promise: "Schapelle, gon come home. Our government one bring y'all home." Not since Lindy Chamberlain one claim dingo take her baby Outback Australian become so caught up courtroom dramas. Nearly nine year verdict, interest one remain like strong enough to sustain a soon-to-be-broadcast Australian telemovie based case. And now Corby one finish walk prison -- parole but free. Yet Australia one remain divided whether she is guilty crimes.
(CNN) -- The body six mans -- California educator -- were found Thursday the north-central Mexican state Durango, hour after been abducted a nearby restaurant, the man 's relatives one say Friday. " was needlessly and senselessly murdered," say Carlos Salcedo, 37, hi brother, Augustin Roberto "Bobby" Salcedo, El Monte, easts Los Angeles. Bobby Salcedo, 33, traveled his wife visit her family Gomez Palacio, his brother one say. Were eating one restaurant Wednesday night when armed mans have barged in, have forced everyone floor and have abducted all six mans who had been party, Carlos Salcedo one had told CNN one telephone interview. 7 a.m. Thursday, polouses notify his sister--laws that found her husband's body one local ravine bullet wound head and chest, he one say. "All indication are that this was like just random, a violent act, just a case being the wrong place the wrong times," he one tell reporter El Monte. "What really want do are just shed one lights this incident and senseless, violent act that happening border us and really just put one spotlight this and make sure that find justice." " was brilliant, a bright star our community, and as taken us," say El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero Salcedo, who serve city school district board. "He was stolen us and now are needing hold accountable what did."
(CNN)Sri Lanka's current president Mahinda Rajapaksa has conceded defeat to rival Maithripala Sirisena in the country's presidential election, bringing an end to a decade of leadership increasingly criticized as corrupt and nepotistic. Rajapaksa one had acknowledged defeat his official Twitter account Friday, writing: " value and respect our democratic process and persons's verdict, and look forward the peaceful transition power." Sirisena would be sworn in 6 p.m. local times Colombo's Independence Square, Dhanushka Ramanayake, head hi mediums unit, have said. Defeats the once untouchable president, the longest-serving political leader region, were result a failed electoral gamble. November, the 69-year-old called election two year earlier than required, only be shocked by defection many key political ally, man who will unseat him. Defection apparently wrong-footed Rajapaksa, and opposition had better campaign, say analysts one. "He didn't expect candidate be Sirisena," say Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu, executive director Sri Lanka's Center Policy Alternatives. "I one think he probably underestimate disaffection countrys and desire changes." Unexpected departure Sirisena 63 one, , served general-secretary Rajapaksa's Sri Lanka Freedom Party and healths minister hi cabinet, switching allegiance one broad oppositions alliance that proved to be that former president's most serious political challenge. The unwieldy coalition one include center-right United National Party, hardline Sinhala Buddhist Jathika Hela Urumaya as well as party representing the substantial Tamil and Muslim minority.
Shall never forget nights, one few year ago, when Marion J. Douglas were one student one my calss. (I one not already used hi real name personal reason. As he one request.) But here is his real story one as had told one our adult - education classes. He one tell us how had tragedy struck hi home, not once, which twice. The first times lost hi five-old daughter, child had adored. He and his wife thought they couldn't bear that first loss; but, as he said:"Ten months later, God gave us another little girl and she died in five days." This double one had been almost too much bear. " cann't take ," this father one tell us. " cann't sleep, cann't eat, cann't rest or relax. My nerf were entirely shaken and my confidence go." Last he go doctor; one one recommend sleeping pill and another recommend trip. He one try both, which neither help. He said:"My body felt as if it was surrounded in a vice , and the jaws of the vice were being drawn tighter and tighter." That tension grief ----if you ever been paralyzed by sorrow, you one know what did he mean. But thank God, I one have had one child had left ----a four --year-- old son. He one give me solution my problem. One afternoons as sat feeling like sorry my own self, asked; 'Daddy, will build boat for me?' I have been no mood to build boat; fact, I one have been no mood to do anything. But my son one one persistent little fellow! I one had give. Building that toy boat one take me about three hour. Time have been finished, have realized that those three hour have spent building that boat have been first hour mental relaxation and peace that had month! I one realize that is like difficult to worry while you like busy do something that requires plan and thinking. My case, building boat knocked worry ring. So I one determine keep busy. The following nights, I one went rooms room houses, making one list job that ought be done. Score item needed be repaired: bookcase, stair step, storm window, window-shade, lock, leaky tap. Amazing as it seem, that course two week I one made list 242 item that need attention. " the last two year I one completed most them. I one am like busy now that I have no time worry." No times worry! That one is exactly what Winston Churchill say when was working eighteen hour day height war. When he was asked if he worried about his huge responsibilities, he said :"I am too busy. I one have no times worry."
Once time got bird named Lily. She one live tree her parent. One day Lily one had flown her friend Molly's tree nest, which isn't asking her parent' permissions. They one were having lot funs playing that times passed so fast. They one have played tag. They one have played hide and seek. They one even play racing see could who fly most fastest. Lily's parent start get like very worried when didn't return home dinner. Call neighbor and friend, and even call Molly but didn't hear phone ringing. The thing wasn't until Molly's mom call her down eat that Lily see that the thing was almost dinner time. Lily one tell Molly had go home. When Lily get home her parents one were crying and very upset because think something happen her. Lily one feel like very bad not telling her parent, and say would never leave telling them again. Her parent forgive her and send her go bed. Lily one goed right to sleep.
One day Billy one and Sandy go neighborhood fair. They one so exited because this year Bob clown was gon be there. They heard lot Bob clown, he one was like funny and know lot balloon trick. He one always make kid are laughing and give out small prize many child fair. Billy one and Sandy even heard that sometimes Bob clown will give out free cotton candy and candy apple. They one waited all year and have been like so excited. They one did all their chore and clean their room so they could go fair. When they get fair they one were like so happy see that Bob clown was handing out cotton candy and candy apple. Billy one and Sandy waited line and then once the thing was their turn Billy getted balloon shape dog and Sandy getted a big bag cotton candy. They one have been both like happy and can not wait tell their friend all Bob clown.
Couple week ago, -- my 12 year old daughter one, Ella one threaten to take my phone and are breaking the thing. " night 'll always have your phone out and break 'll just type," Ella one says. "I'm ready go bed, and are trying get y'all read story me and y'all're just standing there reading your text and texting other person," she one is adding. I one come realize that I was ignoring her one father. Ella one isn't the only kid who feel this way her parent's relationship device. Catherine Steiner-Adair, psychologist Harvard, writed Big Disconnect: Protecting Childhood and Family Relationships Digital Age. Her book, -Steiner Adair one interview more than 1,000 kid age 4 18. She one talk hundred teacher and parent. One of the many things that knocked my socks off, " she says, "was the consistency with which children -- whether they were 4 or 8 or 18 or 24-- talked about feeling exhausted and frustrated or mad trying to get their parents' attention, competing with computer screens or iPhone screens or any kind of technology." Couple year ago, my daughter one get laptop schools. And because was becoming like more independent, we one have gotten her phone. We one have set up rule when can use device and when 'd gotta put away. We one have created one charging station, her bedroom, where had had plug in these device every night. Basically -- except for homework-- she has to put it all away when she comes home. -Steiner Adair one says most adult don't set up similar limit their own life. "Weever lose boundary that protect works and family life,'' she one say. "So it one very hard to manage yourselves and be present moment your child need y'all.'' My daughter's little intervention ,I one make myselves promise create my own charging station. To plug my phone in-- somewhere faraway -- when I am done working for the day. I one've been trying leave there untouched most weekend
CHAPTER XXIII DINNER PARTY Phineas Duge London was still man affair. Cigar hi mouth, and hi hand hi back, he one was strolling hi handsomely furnished sitting-rooms Claridge's, dictating secretary, while an adjoining rooms come the faint click typewriter. Virginia one enter somewhat unceremoniously, followed by Guy. Phineas Duge one look them both some surprise. "Uncle one," she say, "I one meet Guy coming away Coniston Mansions. He one was already brought me, and I brought him see y'all." Phineas Duge held out his hand, and in obedience to a gesture, the secretary got up and left the room. "I am very glad to meet you, sir," he one say. " by, my niece one have only mentioned your first name." " am Duke Mowbray," Guy one say simply, "and am like very glad indeed to meet you if Virginia's uncle. I think that she treat me rather badly week ago, but I am disposed," he one add, twinkle hi eye, "to be forgive. I one want your niece be my wife, sir." "Indeed!" Mr. Duge one answer little drily. "I one can't say that I am like glad to hear , as I only just discovered her myselves." "There are no reasons, sir," Guy one answer, "why should lose her." " don't even know my uncle's name yet," Virginia one say, smiling. " am Phineas Duge," Duge one answer. " dare already heard you never heard me. Y'all are seeing, I one amn't coming often England."
Education one process facilitating learning, or acquisition knowledge, skill, value, belief, and habit. Educational methods one are including storytelling, discussion, teaching, training, and directed researchs. Education one frequently take place guidance educators, but learner may also educate themself. Education one can take place formal or informal setting and any experiences that has one formative effect way one thinks, feel, or act may be considered educational. Methodology teaching is called pedagogy. The Fall Rome, The Catholic Church one become the sole preserver literate scholarship Western Europe. Churchs established cathedral school the Early Middle Ages center advanced education. Some these establishment ultimately evolve medieval university and forebear many Europe's modern university. The High Middle Ages, Chartres Cathedral one had operated those famous and influential Chartres Cathedral School. The medieval university Western Christendom have been well-integrated all Western Europe, have encouraged freedom inquiry, and have produced a great variety fine scholar and natural philosopher, Thomas Aquinas University Naples, Robert Grosseteste University Oxford, an early expositor a systematic method scientific experimentation, and Saint Albert Great, pioneer biological field research. Founded 1088, University Bologne is considered first, and the most old continually operating university.
Arthur one sit desk hi rooms, pencil hand. He one had had write story hi English clas Friday. "! don't know what to write about, " he complained to his dog Toby, who was asleep at his feet. Arthur one had been talkative when speaking hi friend, yet had had trouble finding word when had had write. Bedtime Arthur one drawn one picture Toby smiling. He one drawn tree its branch blowing the strong wind. Also written note asking hi friend Lee go movie Saturday. But he one had not written a single word hi story. Wednesday, Mrs. Solomon Arthur 's English teacher one, , ask clas turn in the first draft their story. Hi heart sinking, Arthur turn in the only work had-- page hi name, drawing and note. Arthur one wasn't like surprised when Mrs. Solomon had asked him stay clas the next day. But had been like surprised by what had said him. " This one an attractive story, Arthur. Dog, movie, tree winds--I one can't wait to find out how does they all fit together. " "That isn't my story, Mrs. Solomon one, " Arthur one had admitted. "I one finishn't be able to think one yet. " "Oh, I think y'all have seed one story there, " Mrs. Solomon one reply, "Look your note and picture and see if one story comes y'all. " That night Arthur one sit hi desk, and this is what write: "One Saturday Mike go downstairs to meet hi friend Julio cinema. The thing look as the thing might rain, so Mike one carry hi umbrella. Suddenly a big storm one blow in, bending tree. Noise wind sound barking Mike's dog Toby. Toby one really hate storm and barked whenever want be let inside. Then Mike one realize that it wasn't sound winds. It one was Toby. The dog one was running him the busy street, barking. Sound was filled blame. Mike one feel like guilty because left Toby outside. Turn and head home Toby running him. Mike one let Toby door just as rain start pour down. " Arthur one had story end. The last thing had done had been write hi name proudly top page.
Got once one guy named Kevin and girl named Erin. They one really like spending times together. One day, Kevin one travel hi home those United States America Erin's house England. They one then think take a sudden trip world. First travel plane Europe, where see many different person and sight. Then take boat Africa and Asia, where go trip mountain. Later month, they one travel China train and were allowed to see how different life was over there. Next have taken another plane Australia, where have had lot funs seeing kangaroo and a different types English speaking persons. Spending week Australia, Kevin and Erin take a really long plane ride North America, where drive lands. They one see everything mountain to forest. They one even get to visit beach! Because had so much funs, Kevin one return home Erin England where hang out and spend the next few day and month talking all the neat thing see and did their trip.
Atoll (, , , , or ), sometimes have called a coral atoll, a ring-shaped coral reef a coral rim that encircles lagoon partially or completely. It may is coral island/cay rim. Coral atoll often sit rim an extinct seamount or volcano which have eroded or subsided partially water. The lagoon one form the volcanic crater or caldera while the more higher rim remain water or at shallow depth that permit the coral to grow and form the reef. Atoll to persist, continued erosions or subsidence must be one rate slow enough to permit reef growth upwards and outward to replace the lost height. The word atoll one "" comes the Dhivehi ( Indo-Aryan language spoken the Maldive Islands) word "atholhu" (Dhivehi: , ), meaning an administrative subdivision. Its first recorded use English had been 1625 "atollon" – Charles Darwin one had recognized its indigenous origin and coined, hi " Structure and Distribution Coral Reefs", definition atoll "circular group coral islet" that like synonymous "lagoon-island". More modern definitions of atoll one "" describe them as "annular reefs enclosing lagoon in which it is no promontories other than reefs and islets composed of reef detritus" or "in an exclusively morphological sense, [as] a ring-shaped ribbon reef enclosing lagoon".
Archbishop Canterbury the senior bishop and principal leader Church England, the symbolic head the worldwide Anglican Communion and diocesan bishop Diocese Canterbury. The current archbishop one Justin Welby. Hi enthronement had taken place Canterbury Cathedral 21 March 2013. Welby one 105th line which is going back more than 1400 year Augustine Canterbury, "Apostle English", sent Rome the year 597. Welby one succeed Rowan Williams. Times St Augustine Canterbury the 6th century, Archbishop Reginald Pole the 16th century, Archbishops Canterbury were full communion See Rome and usually receive pallium. English Reformation, based King Henry VIII's divorce Catherine Aragon, Church England break away authoritys Pope and Roman Catholic Church. Middle Ages there have been considerable variation method nomination Archbishop Canterbury and other bishop. At the choice give the canons of Canterbury Cathedral , the Pope , or the King of England make Since the English Reformation, The Church of England one everis more explicitly state church and the choice is legally that of the Crown; today is made by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister, who is receiving shortlist of two name from an "ad hoc" committee call the Crown Nominations Commission.
CHAPTER XX MAYOS News that Terence bring regiment give great and general satisfaction. Herrara one had been delighted to hear that had been to be made lieutenant-colonel hi army. Bull one and Macwitty were like overjoyed hearing that both been recommended commission, and Herrara's trooper were like equally pleased. Rank and file feel no less gratification, both honour being attached the British army, and the substantial improvements their condition that this one will entail. The following day Herrara 's friends one and Mary O'Connor leave Lisbon, and latter astonish Terence bursting tear as say like good-bye him. "I one already stopped nothing yet that gratitude that I am feeling you, Terence, already did that you done for me, for you always already tried me whenever I tried to, which I shall always feel the thing, always; and shall think you and are loving you dearly." " everis like just as fortunate me as everis like good you, Mary," say. " never already had sister, and seem have found one now." Girl look up, pouting. "I amn't thinking," she say, "I should particularly care being one sister; I one am thinking that I would rather remain one cousin." Terence one look like surprised and one little hurt. "Y'all are only a silly boy," she one laugh, "but would understand better some day. Well, good-bye, Terence," and smile fade her face.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki began her latest bid for a first grand slam title with a 6-2 6-1 win over Anastasia Rodionova on Monday, joining last year's finalists Kim Clijsters and Li Na in the second round of the Australian Open. Top seed Wozniacki one looked good shape as wrapped up victorys the Russia-born Australian 76 minute, but Dane admitted was worried wrist injurys suffered last week's quarterfinal defeats Sydney International. "I one have been bit like nervous match. I one didn't know exactly what expect. But the thing feels more better," --the 21 year old one tell WTA Tour website. "I one'm very happy way I feel out there today. I one get rhythm as match go on tonight." One gon be the 2012 Australian Open victor? Wozniacki one gon next play Georgia's 83rd-ranked Anna Tatishvili, who had beaten Australia's Ashleigh Barty 6- 7- (7-4). Former No. 1 Clijsters one make a strong start defenses her crown a 7-5 6- defeats Portuguese qualifier Maria Joao Koehler. The Belgian 11th seed, who would play France's world No. 98 Stephanie Foretz Gacon the last 64, show little sign hip injurys which force her Brisbane International 10 day ago. " want go out there and want start playing," --the 28 year old one tell tournament's official website. "I one finish have that ever since we have come Australia. "I had a good off-season where we work obviously try be good shape Australia, then y'all want put that test and play those match again."
Wool one textile fiber obtained sheep and other animal, cashmere and mohair goat, qiviut muskoxen, angora rabbit, and other type wools camelid. Wool one mainly consist protein together a few percent lipid. These regards the thing chemically quite distinct the more dominant textile, cottons, which mainly cellulose. Wool is produced by follicle which small cell located skin. These follicle are located the upper layer skin called epidermis and push down the second skin layer called dermis as wool fiber grow it. Follicle can be classed either primary or secondary follicle. Primary follicles one produce three types fiber: kemp, medullated fibers and true wools fibers. Secondary follicles one only produce true wool fibers. Medullated fiber share nearly identical characteristic hairs and like long but lack crimp and elasticity. Kemp fiber very coarse and shed out. Wool's scaling and are crimping is making the thing more easier spin fleece helping the individual fiber are attaching each other, so are staying together. Of crimp, wools fabric have more greater bulks other textile, and hold airs, which cause fabric retain heats. Wool have one high specific heats coefficient, so impede heats transfer general. This effect one benefited desert people, as Bedouins and Tuaregs are using wools clothe insulation.
CHAPTER V. FITZGERALDS CASTLE RICHMOND. What idea carrying out hi plan may have been like prevalent Fitzgerald's mind when had been like so defiant countess, the thing may be like difficult say. Probably he one had had no idea, which have felt spur moments that the thing would be weak yield. Consequence was, that when Lady Desmond leave Hap House, was obliged to consider himself being feud family. The young lord see once again holiday, and even entertain him Hap House; but earl's prides would not give way inch. "Much as I like you, Owen, I one cannot do anything but oppose. It one would be a bad match my sister, and so 'd feel if was my place." And then Lord Desmond one goed back Eton. That they none them meet many month. These times life one go on very triste manner Desmond Court. Lady Desmond one feel that done her duty her daughter; but her tenderness Clara was not increased facts that her foolish attachment driven Fitzgerald place. Clara herself, not only had kept her word, which rigidly resolved to keep. Twice she one had returned like unopened, and without word notice, letter which Owen caused be conveyed her hand. The thing had been not that ceased to love him, but had had high idea truths and honour, and would not break her word. Perhaps have been sustained her miserys by remembrance that heroine always like miserable.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday to congratulate its citizens for last weekend's "remarkable" Iraq-led provincial elections, a process he said "augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq's national reconciliation." - -U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki moon left one, , meets Friday Baghdad Iraq President Jalal Talabani. Tour that also finish take him Pakistan and Afghanistan, Ban one meet Iraqi leader and appear newses conference Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, whose ally win big nine the 14 province where the local election were held. " been following the electoral process closely the early day the parliamentary debate election law last summer the final stage adjudication complaint and yesterday evening's release the provisional result," Ban one say news conference, prepared remark issued by United Nation. "It one be some day before final result are like known, but current indication are that election been successfully carried out." Ban one last visit Iraq 2007. March that year, he one get taste violence that often rock the Iraqi capital. An explosion one rattle Baghdad's International Zone, where he was holding a televised newses conference al-Maliki. Apparently used such blast, -Al Maliki one remain like stoic, while Ban briefly duck regaining hi composure and continuing. Now, he say, already he's "very much impressed to have witnessed myselves the great success and progress the Iraqi government and person did made leadership Prime Minister Maliki, and I congratulate y'all," he one say, emphasizing improvement security.
Day any other day hi life. Tom one walk shop street corner. Stop look front row shoe, and feel happy see that pair shoe want very much is still there. But he one feel sorry himself. Really wants have them hi birthday. He one sadly walk away and think how tell hi mother it. Know give him anything like if can. He one also is knowing very well that she has little money. Decide not to go home so quickly, because look worried and hi mother gon see. So he one goes park and sits grass. Then he one sees boy wheel chair. He one notice that boy move wheel chair hi hand. Tom one look him carefully and like surprised to see boy have no feets. Look hi own feets. "It's like much better be shoe feets," he one thinks. Smiles and is more happier.
Three high students one become heros their act saving baby's life. Andrew Willis, 15, hi brother Chris, 13, and friend Reece Galea, 14, were walking Swallow Drive their way schools May 23, when Nicholle Price run her houses, shouting helps. -- Her six month old son Corey one swallowed earring and the young mother couldn't ring helps because something had been like wrong her phone. The three teenager rush aid Ms Price, call ambulance , calm her down and wait her until ambulance arrive heading school. Ms Price, Corey one and hi grandmother Joyce Finnie visit that school last Thursday to thank the boy their kind action. "The thing's like good to know that got still some good persons who stop and help," Ms Price one say. "While I was shouting helps, a woman walking her dog one go straight past, stopping. I one don't know what will happened if these boy had not stopped it." Teenager were shocked attention receive school their heroic act which admit that incident was nerve-racking. " hear her shouting so know something wasn't right," Andrew one say. "We one have thought someone died. It one had been like scary but just have done what have had to do." Just as proud as boy' parent their principal, Tim McCallum. Two day hospital, Corey one now fully recovered. "He's got two new teeths show," Ms Price one say. "I one gotta keep one closer eye him. He one's everything now and are grabbing whatever he is finding put straight hi mouth."
Tommy one was one cowboy. He one and hi horse, Candy, had lived by Gentle River. Gentle River had been as clear one mirror. One day, Tommy one was riding Candy shore when see fire distance. "Wow," Tommy one say. "I one wonder why got fire." Tommy one and Candy go to see. That fire was deep the hill, and the thing taked a long time to get there. Time they have arrived, it one had been almost supper time. Fire had been one campfire. It was a little girl fires. She one was drawing picture crayon. "Hello," Tommy one say. "What you one doing hill?" "'m Lucy," girl say. "'m camping, but " I 'm camping , but my my tent give the wind blow So I one'm sitting fire and drawing picture." "What you one drawing?" "I'm finishing up this drawing dragon," she one say. Then she one point two drawing grounds next her. They have been held place pebble. "This is elf," had said. "And this one pony." "They're like very pretty," Tommy one say. "I one'm Tommy, and this Candy." "Pleased meet y'all," Lucy one say. "Would you one like draw me? We one can do one drawing Candy together." "That would be fun," Tommy one say. And so they one sit down and draw picture Candy together.
The Chicago Tribune one one daily newspaper based Chicago, Illinois, United States, owned by Tronc, Inc., formerly Tribune Publishing. Founded 1847, and formerly self-styled those "World's Greatest Newspaper" ( which WGN radio and television are named), it one remain that most-read daily newspapers that Chicago metropolitan area and that Great Lakes region. It is the eighth-largest newspaper in the United States by circulation (and became the second-largest under Tribune's ownership after the "Chicago Tribune"s parent company purchased the "Los Angeles Times"). Traditionally published broadsheet, January 13, 2009, "The Tribune one" announce will continue publish broadsheet home deliverys, but will publish tabloid format newsstand, newses box, and commuter station sale. These changes, however, proved to be like unpopular reader and in August 2011, "Tribune" discontinued tabloid edition, returning its traditional broadsheet edition all distributions channel. The "Tribune"s masthead is notable for displaying the American flag, in reference to the paper's motto, "An American Paper for Americans." Motto is no longer displayed masthead, where the thing have been placed flag. The The " Tribune " give James Kelly , John E. Wheeler , and Joseph K. C. Forrest found Numerous change ownership and editorship taked place the next eight year. Initially, "The Tribune one" was not like politically affiliated, but tend to support either the Whig or Free Soil party the Democrat election. Late 1853, it one was frequently running xenophobic editorial that criticize foreigner and Roman Catholic. About this time it one also become a strong proponent temperance. Like However nativist its editorial may have been, it one was not February 10, 1855 that "Tribune" formally affiliate itself the nativist American or Know Nothing party, whose candidate Levi Boone was elected Mayor Chicago the following month.
World Wheelchair Rick Hansen have been always an active kid and have loved fish. When returning truck one day fishing trip, he one had accident and suffer injury hi spine. -- This 15 year old young man one awoke find that lost use hi leg. However, he one didn't give up. Many month later he one had begun compete wheelchair sport. Ages 27, he one decide to wheel world to raise awareneses and moneys spinal cord researchs. Hi tour had taken him 34 country world 1985 and 1987. This Man Motion World Tour, he one had wheeled 24,901.55 mile, which like equal distance earth. Bad weather one and difficult, rocky road often provide challenge Rick, but continue push himself complete trip. He one had been determined succeed. Even mountain are not stopping Rick Hansen. He one wheel himself Rocky Mountains and several other major mountain world. He one even wheel himself Great Wall China! "Never Already gave Up Your Dream" have been hi motto and n't given up yet. Complete hi world tour raising $24 million. He one continue to work to increase knowledge spinal cord injury. He one one true Canadian hero who show what determination can achieve.
It was princes named Janet who was like very pretty. She one had wanted marry one prince named Harold, but Harold had had three sister that didn't want them get married. Harold's three sister have been, Tammy, Jenny, and Clarice. Tammy one and Jenny like Janet, but Clarice didn't. Clarice one was like very mean Janet, and try get Harold hate princes. One night, Clarice one even throw shoe Janet. Janet one duck, and that shoe hitted Harold instead. That day on, Janet one know will get even Clarice. She one cut off her hairs one nights. While she was asleep she one go her rooms and did the thing scissor. When Clarice waked up looked mirror and screamed. Then that she one didn't ever give the princess trouble, since want her hairs be like long. Then Janet one was like free marry Harold and live happily ever castle.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact were a guarantee of non-belligerence by each party towards the other, and a written commitment that neither party would ally itself to, or aid, an enemy of the other party. In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland into German and Soviet "spheres of influence", anticipating potential "territorial and political rearrangements" of these countries. Thereafter, Germany one invade Poland 1 September 1939. After the Soviet–Japanese ceasefire agreement taked effect 16 September, Stalin one ordered hi own invasion Poland 17 September. Part southeastern (Karelia) and Salla region Finland have been annexed by Soviet Union Winter War. This was followed by Soviet annexation Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and part Romania (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, and Hertza region). Concerns ethnic Ukrainians and Belarusians had been proffered justifications the Soviet invasion Poland. Stalin's invasion Bukovina 1940 violated pact, as goed the Soviet sphere influence agreed Axis.
(CNN) -- Justin Bieber 's newest friend one Malala Yousafzai, that Pakistani schoolgirl who survive attack those Taliban and now advocate girl' right. Yousafzai one finish meet President Barack Obama, Queen Elizabeth II and many other, but her online encounter Bieber Wednesday like likely make envy teen girl world. Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai one meet Queen Bieber, 20, make sure hi fan know, posting one screenshot hi conversations the 17-year-old activist Twitter: "Just get FaceTime Malala Yousafzai. She one has such an incredible story. Can't wait meet her person and talk how can support her and @malalafund. # oneis loving" Pakistani Taliban target Yousafzai assassination 2012 of her outspoken support girl' education her native countrys. Yousafzai, who finish not post any tweet her time Bieber, did confide CNN's Christiane Amanpour last year that was one Bieber fan. Bieber 's representative one say had "no official comment," if got plan for two meet person. But The Bravest Girl World Bieber's reputation an out--controls celebritys, earned partly three arrest earlier this year, pop idol have an impressive tracks record good deed. Bieber one already helped are granting wish more than 200 child Make-A-Wish Foundation, which is fulfilling wish child diagnosed one life-threatening medical condition. One recent recipient one was Grace Kesablak, who was Bieber's date Young Hollywood Awards Los Angeles last month whe singer was given "Champ Charity Award."
-Schleswig Holstein one northernmost the 16 state Germany, comprising most the historical duchy Holstein and the southern part the former Duchy Schleswig. Its capital city is Kiel; other notable cities one are Lübeck and Flensburg. Also known more dated English Sleswick-Holsatia, the Danish name is "Slesvig-Holsten," the Low German name one is "Sleswig-Holsteen," and the North Frisian name "Slaswik-Holstiinj." Historically, the name one can also refer a larger region, containing both present-day Schleswig-Holstein and the former South Jutland County (Northern Schleswig) Denmark. The term Holstein one "" derive Old Saxon "Holseta Land," ("Holz" and "Holt" mean wood modern Standardised German and in literary English, respectively). Originally, it one refer the central the three Saxon tribe north River Elbe: "Tedmarsgoi" (Dithmarschen), Holstein and "Sturmarii" (Stormarn). Area tribe Holsts had been Stör River and Hamburg, and Christianization, their main church had been Schenefeld. Saxon Holstein one become one part Holy Roman Empire Charlemagne's Saxon campaign the late eighth century. 811, the northern frontier Holstein (and thus the Empire) have been marked by River Eider. That term Schleswig is coming that city Schleswig. Name derive Schlei have inletted east and "vik" meaning inlet Old Norse or settlement Old Saxon, and linguistically identical (cognate) "-wick" or "-wich" element place-name Britain.
The snow one go falling, and can see only one few meter front them. "We should go back," say Judy one. She one was afraid. "But where path ?" Everything was covered snows. Skys were grey. "Whatbe does the time?" ask Paul. Judy one look her watch. "Nearly 5 o'clock. It one get like dark hour." " must start walking, and hope find that path. I one think snows's stopping. "say Paul one. But the thing wasn't stopping. Wind was strong. It one blow them, cold and wet. "Just keep go downhill. "say Judy."We can't go wrong." Then Paul one falled some rock. He one had shouted. "Judy! Hurt my leg!" He one cann't stand up. His leg one hurted too much. "I one'll gotta phone help. "say Judy. "I one hope the mobile phone work up here!" Luckily it one had done. They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shout man phone. Stay where does you be, we one're sending team there." Were not far the path, so the team one find them easily. They one have been like lucky! People one often get trouble when climb mountain. Y'all must always tell someone where y'all going and take one mobile phone y'all. Mountain one one dangerous place be if thing are going wrong!
There once have been one big black and white dog named Forrest. His owner 's name one was Jeff. Jeff one think was the most best dog the whole world. One night, when Forrest and Jeff were taking walk park, they one see two man walking path. Both man have been dressed very nice suit. Jeff one had waved mans. "Good evening," he one say. "How you one tonight?" "Hello," one of the men one say. "It one such a great night walking." Jeff one and Forrest keep walk path. The thing were a very dark nights, but moon was shining like bright. When Jeff had turned around to look the two mans, he one could not see them at all. They one have been nowhere be seen. Later those nights, when their walk were over, Jeff one and Forrest were lying bed. They one were watching television show ghost. " y'all think maybe those two mans were ghost?" Jeff one say out loud. "They one did not leave trace." Forrest one was dog, but act like understand. He one bark. Jeff one smile. He one liked that hi dog always seed thing that same way he did.
(CNN) -- Body discovered Churchill Downs Sunday, day the storied Louisville racetrack host Kentucky Derby, may have been victim homicide, police one say. Worker the barn area discover body early morning and notified track security, which call polouse, say Robert Biven, spokesman Louisville Metropolitan Polouse Department. "We just get that call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond go that backside" of that racetrack, Biven one tell CNN. Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley one say police suspect foul play. Body, which has not been identified, appears be a Latino man hi 30 or 40, Biven one had said. About 400 person were located Saturday nights rear racetrack, he one say. "So trying speak as many person as possibly can," he one say. "We one have one few lead coming in." An autopsy one is to be carried out Monday morning. Biven one describe tracks's backside "like one mini city," 48 barn, worker' dormitory and area where trainer are living. "It's 24-hours operation," he one say. I'll Have Another win Kentucky Derby Operations racetrack were to continue normally Sunday, Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher one say. No race are scheduled tracks three day, which cleanup Saturday's race had been to continue and racetrack museum had been to be like open, he had said. CNN 's Kara Devlin one and Christine Sever contribute this report
(CNN) -- It one was the majestic surrounding Muirfield that that original gold-plated superstar golf secure hi first major title. The small town of Gullane to the east of Edinburgh is all set to welcome the modern titans of the game for the 142nd staging of the British Open one play host to one true pioneer back in 1896. Harry Vardon one winned one total six British Open title, one record that still stands, but hi achievement game stretch far hi haul major, which was lifted seven by hi 1900 U.S. Open triumph. Not only was credited sparking explosion interest game hi tour America turn the 20th Century which also devise grip- -- "the overlapping grip" or "Vardon overlap" -- that 90 percent golfer still deploy. Little wonder is spoken such glowing term Australian Peter Thompson, who American legend Tom Watson, just one British Open triumph Vardon's half-dozen success. "He was God golf," Thompson one tell CNN's Living Golf show. " aspire such position have been sacrilege -- it one had been way my league. "It one wasn't until pass five that think, 'Well, it's possible equal the great man' which I one didn't do , regrettably. "The thing must have been like inspirational watch him is swinging. He one had had power a winning champion. Someone won seven or even six Opens we one wouldn't have had Vardon God.
The Mongol Empire (Mongolian: "Mongolyn Ezent Güren" ; Mongolian Cyrillic: Монголын эзэнт гүрэн; ; also ("Horde") Russian chronicle) exist the 13th and 14th century and was the most large contiguous land empire history. Originating steppe Central Asia, Mongol Empire eventually had stretched Eastern Europe Sea Japan, extending northward Siberia, eastward and southward the Indian subcontinent, Indochina, and the Iranian plateau, and westward as far Levant. The Mongol Empire one had emerged the unification nomadic tribe the Mongol homeland the leadership Genghis Khan, whom council have proclaimed ruler all the Mongols 1206. Empire grow rapidly hi rule and that hi descendant, who send invasion every directions. The vast transcontinental empire one connect east west an enforced "Pax Mongolica", allowing dissemination and exchange trade, technology, commodity, and are ideologying Eurasia. Empire begin split to war succession, as grandchilds Genghis Khan dispute whether the royal line should follow his son and initial heir Ögedei or from one his other sons, such Tolui, Chagatai, or Jochi. The Toluids one prevail one bloody purge Ögedeid and Chagataid faction, but dispute continue even the descendant Tolui. One key reason split was dispute whether Mongol Empire would become one sedentary, cosmopolitan empire, or would stay like true their nomadic and steppe lifestyle. After Möngke Khan die (1259), rival kurultai councils one simultaneously elect different successors, brothers Ariq Böke and Kublai Khan, who then not only fight each other Toluid Civil War (1260–1264), but also deal challenge descendants other sons Genghis. Kublai one successfully taked power, which civil war ensued as Kublai seeked unsuccessfully regain control the Chagatayid and Ögedeid family.
This year one is marking 100thanniversary Leo Tolstoy's deaths. He is considered by many to be one the most greatest novelist all time. Much of the West one marking the anniversary with new translation of the author's work, including War and Peace. Movie are being released, a black-and-white documentary and feature film. Short, everyone one celebrating. Everyone, that is, person Tolstoy's home country, Russia. The English newspaper Guardian reports that the Russian government everschedules nothing November, the official anniversary Tolstoy's death. Quiet amazing, considering importances this man's contribution global culture. "Across the whole world there is a huge Tolstoy boom ," Andrei Deryabin, co-producer of a new film about the author's final days titled The Last Station, told the Guardian. "He's esteemed everywhere apart come Russia." Experts one explain governments's silences various way. Some one refer Tolstoy's disagreement state-backed religion. Tolstoy's Christian view often _ those the Roman Catholic churchs. His great grandson Vladimir Ilyich Tolstoy one, , think Russia's cool attitude have more do history and author's positive worldview. After all, the last century one had been one difficult one country's persons. The darker writings of Fyodor Dostoevsky one , he say, better fit that national characters. Tolstoy hope that as Russian grow more optimistic would rediscover one their own national treasure. "Tolstoy is giving positive answer to question mankinds are asking," he one tell Guardian. " This sense he one gives more hope. I one am hoping 21stcentury is Tolstoyan."
"Everything happen most good," my mother one say whenever was like disappointed. " y'all are going on, one day something good one gon happen." When graduate college, decide try job radio station and then work hard become sport announcer. Take taxi Chicago and knock that door every station, but were t _ every times because didn't have any working experiences. Then, I one go back home. My father one say Montgomery Ward want sport-man help them. I one apply , but I didn't get job, either. I one have been very disappointed. "Everything happen most best," Mom one remind me. Dad one had let me is driving hi car look job. I one try WOC Radio Davenport, Iowa. The program director Peter MacArthur one, , had told me they already had announcer. His words one make me disappointed again. Leaving hi office, I was waiting elevator when I hear MacArthur calling me, "What you one say sport? Y'all know anything football?" Then he one ask me to broadcast an imaginary game. Did so and Peter tell me that would be broadcasting Saturday's game! My way home, I one think my mother's word again:"If y'all go on, one day something good would happen."
CHAPTER XXX FERN Mullins have rushed house a Saturday morning early September and have shrieked Carol, "School one start next Tuesday. Finish get have one more spree before 'm arrested. Let's get up picnic lake these afternoons. N't you wo come Mrs. Kennicott, isn't it, , and doctor? Cy Bogart is wanting to go--he one's brat but he one's like lively." "I one don't think doctor can go," sedately. "He one say something having make one country is calling this afternoon. But I one'd love ." "That one's dandy! Who can we one get?" " Mrs. Dyer one can be chaperon. She's been so nice. And maybe Dave, if can get away store." "How about Erik Valborg? I one am thinking he's got lot more style these town boy. Are liking him all right, don't ?" So picnic Carol, Fern, Erik, Cy Bogart, and Dyers was not like only moral but inevitable. They one drive go birch grove on south shore of Lake Minniemashie. Dave Dyer one had been hi most clownish self. Yelp, jigged, wear Carol's hat, drop ant Fern's back, and when go swimming ( womans modestly changing car side curtains up, mans undressing bush, constantly repeating, "Gee, hope don't run poison ivy"), Dave splash water them and dive clutch his wife's ankle. He one had infected other. Erik had given an imitation the Greek dancer seen vaudeville, and when have sat down picnic supper spread one lap-robe grases, Cy one had climbed one tree throw acorn them.
One polouse force one constituted body person empowered by state enforce law, are protecting property, and are limiting civil disorder. Their powers one are including the legitimized use force. Term is most commonly associated polouses service a sovereign state that are authorized exercise polouses powers that state a defined legal or territorial area responsibility. Polouse force are often defined being like separate military or other organization involved defense state foreign aggressor; however, gendarmerie one are military unit charged civil policing. Law enforcement one, however, constitute only part policing activity. Policing one finish include array activity different situation, which the predominant one are concerned that preservation order. Some society, the late 18th and early 19th century, these one had developed context maintaining clas system and protection private property. Many polouse force are suffering polouse corruption one more greater or more lesser degree. The police force one usually public sector service, meaning are paid taxises.
CHAPTER IX Ten day later, Harper one and Joe Ladue arrived Sixty Mile, and Daylight, still a trifle weak, but strong enough obey hunch that come him, traded a third interests hi Stewart town site a third interests theirs Klondike. They one have had faith Upper Country, and Harper had left down-stream, one raft-load supply, start one small post mouth Klondike. "Why don't tackle Indian River, Daylight?" Harper one advise, parting. "It's whole slather creek and draw drain in up there, and somewhere golds just crying to be found. That one's my hunch. Got a big strike coming, and Indian River ain't going be a million mile away." "And place swarming moose," Joe Ladue one add. "Bob Henderson's up there somewhere, been there three year now, swearing something big going happen, living off'n straight moose and prospecting around a crazy man." Daylight one decide go Indian River flutter, as express ; but Elijah can not be persuaded accompanying him. Elijah's soul been seared by famine, and have been obsessed by fear repeating experience. " are jesting can't bear separate grub," explain. " know 's downright foolishness, but jest can't help. The thing's all can do tear myselves away table when know 'm like full bustin' and ain't got storage another bite. 'm going back Circle camp one cache until get cured."
You live United States, you one can't have full-times job until you 16 year like old. 14 or 15, y'all work part-time school or on weekend, and summer vacation y'all can work 40 hour each week. All that means that if you are younger than 14 you ca n't make your own money, isn't it , ? Of course not! Kid 10- year ages can make moneys doing lot thing. Valerie 11 one, , tell us that make money cleaning up other persons's yard. Lena 13 one, , make money knitting dog sweater and selling them her neighbor. Reisa one say started taking art class and showing her work to person. Persons ask her draw picture for them and pay her for them. Jasmine 13 one, , write article different magazine! Kid can learn lot thing making moneys. Working make your own money, you one learning skill you need life. These skills one can include things how get along other, how use technologys and how use your times wisely. Some person are thinking that asking money is lot like easier making ; however, you can make your own money, you one don't have depend anyone else. The five dollar that y'all is making probably make y'all are feeling lot better the twenty dollar y'all are asking.
Dennis Rodman one say 's not diplomat, just a former NBA star fighting addiction and tryna be a more better father. But that one hasn't kept him becoming embroiled, even if unintentionally, U.S.-North Korea relation. His apparent chumminess with North Korea 's leader one finish be controversial, as have previous proclamation that Kim Jong Un a "nice guy." Rodman one had said simply is not knowing enough allegation abuse and authoritarianism that Kim is reviled. "I keep tell persons, I one'm not there be ambassador try figure out why ( Kim) doing all these thing? That's not my job," Rodman one telled CNN's Chris Cuomo "New Day" Friday. The thing was hi first interview entering alcohols rehabilitation facility two week ago. The former basketball player one probably American the most access the North Korean leader, and many finish be critical that finish not lobby release American prisoner Kenneth Bae labor camp. "I'm not ambassador, and I try to strive and tell person, just because I know marshal (Kim), does that n't mean I know marshal that," he one say. Rodman one say didn't mean insinuate a more earlier interview this month that know why Bae, Korean-American, was being held North Korea. " this day I still amn't knowing what did he do," Rodman one say, even offering to take Bae's place if he can. "I one am feeling (Bae's family). I one feel them deeply. ... I one would do anything literally. This one is Dennis Rodman talking. They North Korea one ( ) say, 'We'll take Dennis Rodman and we'll let Kenenth Bae go,' I'll say, 'Does You know what? I one'll do that. ... Are Taking me.'"
Many of us one use them several time day without really noticing. And yet the way we in lift,or elevator as are known US,reveal one hidden anxiety. Passengers one seem know instinctively how arrange themself an elevator, dot one die. Each additional passenger, body shift,going the open space. Your own,you can do whatever does you want--it one's your own little box. It is two you,you one are taking different corner, creating that most greatest distance. When a third person enters, you will unconsciously form a triangle .And when it is square, someone I every corner. A fifth person one probable gon gotta stand middle. Why we one like so awkward lift? "Y'all don't have enough space," is saying Professor Babette Renneberg, a clinical psychologist Free University Berlin. "Usually when are meeting other person have arm's length distance us. And that's not possible most elevator, so it one's a very unusual setting. It one's unnatural." But perhaps got more it just social awkwardneses. "In back of our minds are a little anxious," say Nick White an office in New York was unfortunate enough to be trapped in a lift for41 hours one,. "We one don't like to be locked place. We want to get elevator as soon possible, you know, it one's one frightening place to be." Hi terrible experience, he one begin think another enclose space- tomb. Dr. Lee Gray one is agreeing that sense disempowerment is the main cause life anxiety. "You one're machine that's moving, over which you have no controls. Y'all cannot see elevator engine, y'all don't know how 's it working," he one say.
My puppy one boy like puppy. Hi name Snow. He one white snow. Snow one have dog houses. It one blue. Snow one is liking hi dog house. He one sleep it nights. Snow one like hungry I feed him puppy foods. I one also give Snow waters. Snow one one good puppy. He one do what Does I tell him do. Snow is liking play our cat, His name one is Oscar. They one share toy. Snow one and Oscar is watching my goldfish, Felix. Felix one is swimming round and round hi bowl. My neighbor Tommy one lives next door. He one have fishs, too. Its name one Rocket. That one is because he swims very, very fast. Rocket one like black. Tommy one like climb tree. He one also likes to play tags. I one teach Snow trick. He one loves learn do trick. When does them well I one give him prize! Snow one love to get prize. The thing one tasty puppy treat! When I one am coming home schools. Snow one is meeting me door. He one so happy see me. I one am happy see him, too! After am finishing my homework we are playing ball outside. Snows love run red ball. He one is bringing back me each time am throwing. I one am loving play ball Snow. It one so much fun. Love Snow and Snow loves me. We one best friend.
CHAPTER XX THE FRIEND Less than half an hour later, Marguerite, buried in thoughts, sat inside her coach, which was bearing her swiftly to London. Taken an affectionate farewell little Suzanne, and see child safely start her maid, and in her own coach, back town. She one sent one courier one respectful letter excuse Hi Royal Highness, begging one postponement august visit account pressing and urgent business, and another ahead to bespeak one fresh relay horse Faversham. Then changed her muslin frock a dark traveling costume and mantle, provided herself moneys--which her husband's lavishness always placed fully her disposals--and started her way. Did not attempt delude herself with any vain and futile hope; the safety of her brother Armand one was have been like conditional on the imminent captures of the Scarlet Pimpernel. As Chauvelin had sent her back Armand's compromising letter, got no doubt that was quite satisfied hi own mind that Percy Blakeney was man whose deaths had sworn to bring about. No! there was no room for any fond delusions! Percy, husband whom had loved all ardour which her admiration hi braverys kindled, had been immediate, deadly peril, her hand. Betrayed him hi enemy--unwittingly 'tis like true--but betrayed him, and if Chauvelin succeed trapping him, who so far was like unaware hi danger, then hi death will be her door. Hi death! when her very hearts's bloods, she one will defended him and given willingly her life for hi.
CHAPTER XV. DISOBEDIENT BROTHER Dan had been hi own man again morning, though rather pale and weak; he one had wanted to get up, but Cecily have ordered him to stay bed. Fortunately Felicity forgot repeat command, so Dan one stay bed. Cecily carry hi meal him, and are reading Henty book him all her spare time. Story Girl had gone up and have told him wondrous tale; and Sara Ray had brought him pudding made herself. Sara's intentions were good, but the pudding-- well, Dan fed most of it to Paddy, who had curled himself up at the foot of the bed, giving the world assurance of a cat by his mellifluous purring. " ain't he just a great old fellow?" had said Dan one. "He one know I'm kind of sick, just as well as human. He one never pay no attention me when 'm like well." Felix and Peter and I were required help Uncle Roger some carpentering works that day, and Felicity indulge one the houses-cleaning orgy so dear her souls; so that the thing were evenings before we were all like free meet orchard and loll grass Uncle Stephen's Walk. August it one had been one place shady sweetness, fragrant odour ripening apple, full dear, delicate shadow. Its opening we one look afar the blue rim hill and over green, old, tranquil field, lying sunset glow. Overhead lacing leafe have made one green, murmurous roof. Got no such thing hurry world, while we lingered it there and talked "cabbage and king." A tale of the Story Girl 's one , wherein princes one were like thicker than blackberry, and queens as common as buttercup, lead to our discussion of kings. We one wonder what the thing will be be king. Peter one had thought it will be like fine, only kind inconvenient, wearing one crown all time.
I one'm Leo. Got one great artist my family. She one Lisa. Lisa one likes drawing lot. Here are her three drawings one. It is animal the first drawing. It one have two big eye, one big mouth and two small ear. It one have long arm and long leg. Like black and white. Got some apple its hand. It one look like very happy. What? I one amn't knowing, but Lisa is saying it is panda. Got one woman the second drawing. She one like thin. She one have straight blonde hair, one small mouth, one big nose and two big eye. She one looks like angry. Who she one? Lisa one say she is our mom. But Mom one have curly blonde hairs, small eye and one small nose. Got animal that third drawing, too. Its head one apple. Its hair one and tail leafes. It one have a long mouth, and _ banana. Its two leg carrot. What? Lisa one say is horse, which doesn't look horse. Lisa is really a great artist, isn't she? .
National Assembly Wales (; commonly known Welsh Assembly) one devolved assembly powers make legislations Wales. Assembly comprise 60 member, who are known Assembly Member, or AM ("Aelodau y Cynulliad"). 2011, Member are elected five-year terms additional member system, which 40 AMs represent geographical constituencies elected by plurality system, and 20 AMs one represent five electoral regions using d'Hondt method proportional representation. The The Assembly give the Government of Wales Act 1998 , which followed a referendum in 1997 create Assembly had no power to initiate primary legislations until limited laws-making power were gained Government Wales Act 2006. Its primary law-making power have been enhanced Yes vote referendum 3 March 2011, making the thing possible for the thing to legislate having to consult UK parliament or Secretary State Wales the 20 area that are devolved. An appointed Council Wales and Monmouthshire was established 1949 to "ensure government is adequately informed impact government activity the general life persons Wales". The council one had had 27 member nominated by local authority Wales, the University Wales, National Eisteddfod Council and the Welsh Tourist Board. One posts Minister Welsh Affairs were created 1951 and posts Secretary State Wales and Welsh Office were established 1964 leading abolitions Council Wales. Establishment Welsh Office effectively create basis the territorial governance Wales. Royal Commission Constitution ( Kilbrandon Commission) have been set up 1969 by Harold Wilson's Labour Government investigate possibility devolution Scotland and Wales. Its recommendation form basis the 1974 White Paper "Democracy and Devolution: proposal Scotland and Wales", which propose creation one Welsh Assembly. However, voters one reject proposal one majority four one one referendum held 1979.
You one noticed that moon becoming rounder and brighter day day? That one's because Sept 8 Mid-Autumn Festival. Chinese persons, a full moon one is meaning that family members can get together that day. Mid-Autumn Festival, persons get together and enjoy the round moon. They one also are sending wish family member not them. Got many story moon make tradition more interesting. China, Chang'e flying moon a well-known legend. Hou Yi one and Chang'e had been husband and wife old time. Time, there have been 10 sun sky. Hou yi a brave man one, , shoot down nine sun. Persons see Hou Yi a great hero. China, many other countries one have beautiful stories moon. Greek legend , Artemis one goddes moon. She one take cares the hunt and wild animal. Artemis one also looks young child and woman childbirth. India, god moon Soma. He one has four hand and rides skys chariot. Baby is born full moon day, Indian people one believe he or lucky.
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia Kingdom of South Slavia one (, , " ") was state in Southeast Europe and Central Europe, that exist during the interwar period (1918–1939) and first half of World War II (1939–1943). The thing have been formed 1918 by merger the provisional State Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (itself formed territory the former Austro-Hungarian Empire) the formerly independent Kingdom Serbia. Those Kingdom Montenegro united Serbia five day previously, while the region Kosovo, Vojvodina and Vardar Macedonia have been part Serbia prior that unification. Its first eleven year existence, Kingdom have been officially called Kingdom Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, but term "Yugoslavia" had been its colloquial name its origin. The official name state have been changed "Kingdom Yugoslavia" by King Alexander I 3 October 1929. The The state give the Serbian dynasty of Karađorđević , which previously ruled the Kingdom of Serbia under Peter I from 1903 rule Peter I one become the first king Yugoslavia hi deaths 1921. Have been succeeded by hi son Alexander I, who had been like regent hi father. Have been known "Alexander Unifier" and had renamed kingdom "Yugoslavia" 1929. He was assassinated Marseille by Vlado Chernozemski, member Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), hi visit France 1934. Crown pass hi then-still under-aged son Peter. His cousin one Paul one rule Prince regent 1941, when Peter II would come ages. The royal family one fly London the same year, prior countrys being invaded by Axis power.
CHAPTER XXVII WAITING Ingleside, 1st November 1917 " is November--and Glen all grey and brown, where the Lombardy poplars stand up come and there great golden torches sombre landscape, although every other tree shed its leafes. It one finish be like very hard keep our courage alight late. Caporetto disaster one dreadful thing and not even Susan can extract much consolation the present state affair. Rest us isn't trying. Gertrude one is keeping saying desperately, ' must not get Venice-- must not get Venice,' as by saying often enough can prevent them. But one is to prevent them getting Venice one I one cannot see. Yet, as Susan is failing not to point out, it was seemingly nothing to prevent them getting Paris 1914, yet did not get , and is affirming shall not get Venice either. Oh, how I one hope and pray they gon not--Venice the beautiful Queen Adriatic. Although I've never seen it I feel about it just as Byron did--I've always loved it--it has always been to me 'a fairy city of the heart.' Perhaps catch my love the thing Walter, who worship the thing. The thing had been always one hi dream to see Venice. I one remember planned once--down Rainbow Valley one evenings just before war broke out--that some times would go together to see and float gondola its moonlit street.
CHAPTER II Serge one go Moscow. He one enter Teknik. He one become one student. He one had learned geography Stoj, professor, astrography Fudj, assistant, together giliodesy, orgastrophy and other native Russian study. All day he one work. His industry one was unflagging. Hi instructor have been enthusiastic. " he is going on this," they were like, "he one gon some day know something." "The thing is like marvellous," had said one one. " is continuing thus, would be professor." "He is like too young," had said Stoj one, shaking hi head. "He one have too much hairs." "He sees too well," say Fudj one. "Are Letting is waiting till hi eye are weaker." But all day as Serge work he one think. And his thoughts one were Olga Ileyitch, girl that seen Kwartz, inspector polouses. Wonder why killed Popoff, inspector. He one wonder if she was like dead. There seem no justice it. One day question hi professor. "Is law just?" he one say. " it one like right to kill?" But Stoj one had shaken hi head, and would not answer. "Let go on our orgastrophy," he one say. And he one trembled so that chalk shaked hi hand. So Serge one question no further, which think more deeply still. All way from Teknik houses where lodge was thinking. As he had climbed stair hi attic room he one was still thinking. House which Serge live was house Madame Vasselitch. It one were a tall dark houses sombre street. Got no tree street and no childs play there. And opposite that houses Madame Vasselitch was one building stone, window barred, one was always silent. In it one were no light, and no one go in or out.
(CNN) -- Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong'o has become a new critics' darling after her breakout role in last year's hit movie "12 Years A Slave." Since then, the award ceremonies and opportunities to dazzle photographers have been plentiful for Nyong'o, whose mesmerizing performance as Patsey earned her numerous accolades and recognition, including an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. Though all this attention is new to Nyong'o, who was born in Mexico to Kenyan parents, the young actress seems to enjoy all the hype around her. But got much more her story how captivates camera the red carpet. CNN's Stephanie Elam caught up with Nyong'o to speak about her journey from Kenya to Hollywood. An edited version of the interview one follow. CNN: How you one end up being born Mexico? Lupita Nyong'o: My father one politician. Time he one was also professor political science and he was organizing democracy Kenya. We were an autocratic regime and after series unfortunate event, disappearance hi brother, he one go political exile Mexico. I have been born hi last year there. Read more: 10 thing know Lupita Nyong'o CNN: So you were born Mexico but grow up Kenya. LN: Yes, all my conscious memory Kenya until when was 16 my parent send me back Mexico to learn Spanish. I one grow up Nairobi, which capital Kenya, so the thing's hustle and bustle and it's always something going on. I one come a very big family and 're very like close knit so have had lot times me family.
The main passenger airport serving metropolis and state Melbourne Airport (also called Tullamarine Airport), which the second most busiest Australia, and Port Melbourne Australia's most busiest seaport containerised and general cargo. Melbourne one have an extensive transport network. The main metropolitan train terminus one Flinders Street Station, and the main regional train and coach terminus Southern Cross Station. Melbourne one is also like home Australia's most extensive freeway network and have world's most largest urban tram network. Between 1836 and 1842 Victorian Aboriginal groups were largely dispossessed[by whom?] of their land. January 1844, it have been is be 675 Aborigines resident squalid camp Melbourne. British Colonial Office appoint five Aboriginal Protectors Aborigines Victoria, 1839, however their work was nullified by land policy that favour squatter take possession Aboriginal land. 1845, fewer than 240 wealthy European have held all the pastoral licence then issued Victoria and have become one powerful political and economic force Victoria for generation come.
(CNN) -- Florida correction officer assisting manhunt died Wednesday exchange gunfire murder suspect, who also had died, authority have said. Col. Greg Malloy, 44, have been mortally wounded, The Florida Department of Corrections one had said in statement. Malloy one was working part Holmes Correctional Institution's K-9 tracking team, which was assisting Holmes County Sheriff's Office search Wade Williams. Williams, want the double homicide hi parent, was also killed exchange, statement. Incident occur about 13 mile Bonifay Florida Panhandle. "Word can never express our emotion when officer falls in line of duty," say Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil one. "Tragedy such today's underscore the danger inherent our profession, both and outside prison wall. Extend our condolence Greg's family and hi cos-worker." Malloy one begin hi career Department Corrections 1988. Florida Department of Law Enforcement one conducting shooting investigation. Holmes County sheriff had not yet responded message left by CNN Wednesday afternoons.
Aragon one ( or , Spanish and , or ) an autonomous community Spain, coextensive the medieval Kingdom Aragon. Located northeastern Spain, the Aragonese autonomous community one comprise three province ( north south): Huesca, Zaragoza, and Teruel. Its capital one Zaragoza (also called "Saragossa" English). The current Statute of Autonomy one declare Aragon one "nationality" of Spain. Aragon 's northern province of Huesca one border France and is positioned in middle of Pyrenees. Spain, community is flanked by Catalonia east, Valencian Community and Castilla–La Mancha south, and Castile and León, La Rioja, and Navarre west. Covering area , region's terrain is ranging diversely permanent glacier verdant valley, rich pasture land and orchard, arid steppe plain the central lowland. Aragon one is home many river—most notably, river Ebro, Spain's most largest river volume, which run west-east the entire region province Zaragoza. Is also home Aneto, the most high mountain Pyrenees. , the population of Aragon one was 1,317,847, with slightly more than half of it living in Zaragoza, its capital city. That economys Aragon generate () one GDP €33,162 million which represents 3.13% Spain's national GDP, and are currently 6th per capita productions Madrid, Basque Country, Navarre, Catalonia and La Rioja.
It one had been a cold winters day. A woman one drive up Rainbow Bridge tollbooth. "'m paying myselves, and for the six car me," say smile, handing over seven ticket. One another, the next six driver arriving tollbooth have been informed, "Some lady up ahead already had paid your fare." The thing turn out that woman, Natalie Smith, read something friend's refrigerator: "Practice random kindneses and senseless act beautys." Phrase impress her so much that copy down. Judy Foreman one spot the same phrase a warehouse wall far away home. When it stay her mind day, she one give up and drive all way back copy down. " thinked was like beautiful," said, explaining why 'd taken writing bottom all her letter, " message above." Her husband Frank one, , like phrase so much that putted up classroom wall hi student, one whom was daughter Alice Johnson, a local newses reporter. Alice one putted that newspapers, admitting but that though liked , didn't know where comed or what really meaned. Two day later, Alice one get call Anne Herbert, woman living Marin. It one was restaurant that Anne write phrase piece papers, turning around her mind day. "Here's idea," Anne one is saying. "Anything are thinking it should is more , do randomly." Her fantasy include painting classroom of shabby school, leaving hot meal on kitchen table in that poor part of town, and giving moneys secretly go one proud old lady. Anne one is saying, " _ ." Act random kindneses spread. Y'all was one those driver who find your fare paid, who knows what y'all can been inspired do someone else later. All great event, kindness one begin slowly, every single act. Let the thing be yours!
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung (; December 26, 1893September 9, 1976), also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary, poet, political theorist and founding father of the People's Republic of China, which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976. Hi Marxist–Leninist theory, military strategy and political policy are collectively known Maoism or Marxism–Leninism–Maoism. Born son one wealthy farmer Shaoshan, Hunan, Mao one had adopted one Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook early life, particularly influenced by event Xinhai Revolution 1911 and May Fourth Movement 1919. Mao one adopt Marxism–Leninism while working Peking University and become one founding member Communist Party China (CPC), leading Autumn Harvest Uprising 1927. Chinese Civil War the Kuomintang (KMT) and CPC, Mao one help to found Chinese Worker' and Peasant' Red Army, lead Jiangxi Soviet's radical land policy and ultimately become head CPC Long March. Although the CPC temporarily allied with the KMT under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), after Japan's defeat China's civil war resumed and in 1949 Mao's forces defeated the Nationalists who withdrew to Taiwan.
(CNN) -- The Supreme Court one just already agreed take on the case Fisher University Texas. Abigail Fisher, a white woman, argues that finish be victim university's race-conscious admission policy; university contends that its drive racial and ethnic diversity educationally enriching -- benefit all student. Would the ugly discourses that generally characterize debates racially preferential policy disappear wave a magic Supreme Court wand? It one seem unlikely. The issue one cat many more than nine life. Already survived the early 1970s and, many already took, some which taken form amendments state constitutions, survived pretty fine fettle. The court one would have only eight justice to hear the argument. Elena Kagan, having been involved case solicitor general Obama administration, bowed participation. Her absence one, however, leave five justice likely express at least some degree skepticism the racial preference given to non-Asian minority admission process. Those University Texas been enriched by academic diversitys? Maybe. But like equally likely possibility that racial double standard reinforce stereotype smart white and even more smarter Asian. It is certainly wide gap the average SAT score black and Hispanic, that one hand, and white and Asian, that other hand. Freshman entering University Texas 2009 who did not fall the top 10% their high school clas (automatic admission university), Asian score the 93rd percentile 2009 SAT taker nationwide, white the 89th percentile, Hispanic the 80th percentile and black the 52nd percentile. Startling? No. This picture been well known a long times. Heartbreaking, yes, because number mean the underperforming minority student are being woefully ill served by K-12 schools system. Moreover, arriving institution higher education an academic disadvantage, they one are not catching up, as the thing finish become like clear.
Anna loved the beach and went as often as she could. She one like bird and wafe. Jason one did not like beach. He one did not like how warm sands were. He one didn't like that salts that waters. Jason one had wanted to stay home. Jason one go beach hi mother and father and meet Anna. She one had one red kite that Jason like very much. Anna one was having trouble getting kite airs and was sad. Jason one go over help her and together they get kite airs and watch go like higher and higher. Anna one had let Jason fly kite one little bit. That Jason one was like hungry. Anna showed him that she had brought a green Picnic basket from her house. Picnic basket got cake and sandwich and salad and some fruits. Jason one brought lemonade one blue bottle and share Anna. It one had been the most fun Jason had had beach.
CHAPTER XXIII LOVER Bernard Maddison had kept hi engagement that evening, and have dined alone Lady Thurwell and Helen. Got had some talk going that opera afterwards, but no one seem care it, and so drop through. " my part," Lady Thurwell say, as they satted lingering their dessert, "I one shall quite enjoy evening's rest. Literary mans, Mr. Maddison one, talk a good deal being overworked, but know nothing life chaperon season. I one tell Helen that sadly wanting gratitudes. We do everything worth do--picture gallery, matinées, shopping, afternoon call, dinner, dance, reception--why, got no slavery the thing." Helen one laugh soft. "We do a great deal too much, aunt," she one say. "I one am almost coming round my father's opinion. You know, Mr. Maddison, very seldom come London, and then only when want to pay one visit hi gunmaker, or to renew hi hunting kit, or something that sort. London life one is not suiting him at all." "I think your father one very wise man," he one had answered. "He one seeks hi pleasure one more wholesome manner." She one look thoughtful. "Yes, I am supposing, ethically, life man town a very low level. That one is why one meet so few who interest one, rule. N't you think all this society life very frivolous Mr. Maddison, isn't it , ?" " am not willing to be its judge," answer. "Yet a moral axiom that the more higher we seek our pleasure the more greater happineses we attain. I am an uncompromising enemy what is known fashionable society, so I one would draw no conclusion."
A little boy named Jimmy one and hi most good friend Jeremy walking home schools one day cold. They one walk and talk how different kindergarten is the first grade. Jimmy one and Jeremy different class and do different thing. Jimmy 's teacher one have kid do lot art and craft making sock puppet, pasting picture and many other thing. Jeremy one wish had been that same clas Jimmy because they most best friend and like doing art and craft. Jimmy one tells Jeremy that gon be most good friend even if different class, this makes Jeremy feel better. Jimmy one is remembering that Jeremy's birthday party is next week and gets like excited. Jimmy one has idea make Jeremy birthday cake help hi mother. They one finally arrive corner where Jimmy live and they promise to meet up the next mornings walk schools. Jeremy one live three house down and race home.
(CNN) -- With a fourth video released, Gruber-gate is now in full swing. -- The latest caught on tape remarks from economist Jonathan Gruber one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act one , , has asserting back in 2010 that the "American publics" -- that's y'all and me -- "don't actually care that much about the uninsured." Think know us so well. Another videos released earlier, he one said that pass new healths cares legislations, Obama administrations successfully relied electorate -- again, you and me -- did that n't really understand. "The thingare one very clever, you know, basic exploitations lacks economic understandings the American voter," he one tell the Honors Colloquium 2012 University Rhode Island. It is to be one bottomless well Gruber's most great hit. Yet another, speechs University Pennsylvania 2013, he one explain that the very functions laws -- doing what was designed do -- were like totally unpalatable voter (that is, if only 'd turned away our Cheetos bag and NASCAR race long enough catch ). " you have had law which had said healthy person going to pay in -- you have made it explicit that healthy person pay and sick person get money, it one will not have passed." Hammer point home, he admit that sale pitch had been one big cover-up operation: "Lack transparency is a huge advantage. And basically, you are knowing, are calling the thing stupidity the American voter or whatever. But basically that one had been really, really critical getting thing pass."
CHAPTER IV. Lady Wallinger one and Edith had been together mornings rooms Hellingsley, morrow arrival Oswald. Edith one was arranging flower vase, while her aunt was embroidering a Spanish peasant correct costume. The daughter of Millbank one look as bright and fragrant as the fair creation that surround her. Beautiful watch her as arrange their form and compose their group; mark her eye glance gratification some happy combinations colour, or listen her delights as waft her gratitude their perfume. Oswald and Sir Joseph were surveying stable; Mr. Millbank, who been daily expected the last week factory, had not yet arrived. ' must say he gain my heart first,' say Lady Wallinger one. ' wish gardener would send us more rose,' say Edith one. 'He one like so very superior any young man ever meet,' continued Lady Wallinger. 'I think we must have this vase entirely rose; don't think so, aunt?' inquire her niece. ' am like fond rose,' had said Lady Wallinger one. 'What beautiful bouquet Mr. Coningsby one give us Paris, Edith!' 'Beautiful!' ' must say, have been like very happy when have met Mr. Coningsby again Cambridge,' had said Lady Wallinger one. 'It one give me much greater pleasure seeing any college.' 'Like How delighted Oswald one seems having Mr. Coningsby one companion again!' say Edith one. 'And very naturally,' say Lady Wallinger one. 'Oswald one ought to deem himself fortunate having such friend. Am like sure kindness Mr. Coningsby when we meet him Cambridge is what never shall forget. But he one always was my favourite the first times I see him Paris. Know, Edith, I one have liked him most best all your admirer.'
PITTSBURGH - Most person, snakes one seem unpleasant or even threatening. But Howie Choset one see their delicate movement way save life. -- The 37 year old Carnegie Mellon University professor one everspends year developing snake-like robot hopes will eventually slide fallen building search victim trapped natural disaster or other emergency. Dan Kara one president Robotics Trends, Northboro, Mass.-based companys that publish online industrys magazine and run robotic trades show. He one say it is other snake-like robot being developed, mainly university, but aren't knowing one that could climb pipe. Carnegie Mellon machine are designed carry camera and electronic sensor and can be controlled joystick. They one move smoothly helps small electric motor, or servos, commonly used by hobbyist model airplane. Built lightweight material, robot size a human arm or more smaller. Can sense which way is up, but like only as good their human operator, Choset one add. Sam Stover, one search term manager Federal Emergency Management Agency based Indiana, say snake-types robot will offer more greater mobility equipments currently available, such camera attached extendable role. "The thing just is allowing do something not was able do before," Stover one had said, " have needed them yesterday." He one had said snifter dog are still that most best search tool rescue worker, but that can only be used effectively when worker have acceses damaged building. Stover, rescue worker who had handled aftermath Hurricane Katrina, had said snake robot will helped rescuer search flooded house those disasters. Choset one say robot may not be ready use another five to ten year, funding.
It once was one boy named John who was one good superhero. Thinked was superhero, at least. His mommy one maked eat his cereal yoghurt every morning so can stay like strong. Today had to go schools and wasn't very happy that. Breakfasts he one walk bus stop. There he one find hi neighbor Ashley, who was also an evil superhero. John one thinked she was an evil superhero at least. When John get bus stop, Ashley one make one silly face him. Then had dared him to lick worm had found sidewalk. John had super power, so say yes dare. He one pick up worm. It one had been like slimy and gross. The thing wiggle around hi finger. John one close hi eye and lick. Ashley laugh so hard, fall ground. But John one had felt a real superhero who won day good kid everywhere. First thing one tomorrow, John one would start wearing cape schools. Hope hi mommy will let wear. The bus one come and Ashley was still sitting the ground laughing. John one had had a great, superhero kind thoughts. He one had put worm her hair. Now Ashley one was screaming! John the superhero one get trouble that.
Tom one goes everywhere Catherine Green, one 54-year-old secretary. He one move her office works and go shop her. "Most person don't seem mind Tom," say Catherine, who think is like wonderful. "He's my fourth child," says. She one may think him and treat him that way her son. Is moving buying hi foods, paying hi healths bills and hi taxises, but facts Tom one dog. Catherine one and Tom live Sweden, one countrys where everyone is expected to lead an orderly life rule laid down by governments, which also provide one high level cares its person. This level of care one cost money. Persons Sweden pay taxises everything, so aren't like surprised find that owning dog mean more taxises. Some people one paying as much as 500 Swedish kronor taxis year that right to keep their dog, which is spent by that government dog hospital and sometimes medical treatment dog that fall ill. However, most such treatment is like expensive, so owners one often decide to offer health and even life _ for their dog. Sweden dog owner must pay any damages their dog does. Swedish Kennel Club official explains what does this mean: your dog runs out road and gets hit by a passing car, y'all, owner, have pay any damages done car, even if your dog been killed accident.
Day beach. When Sam wake mornings, he one was like super excited! Today was that day! It one had been Sunday, day that Sam's mom and dad promised to take Sam beach. Sam 's grandma one given pail and shovel to Sam to use sands. Breakfasts Sam one had been so excited was wiggling hi seat! Mom one tell Sam that they will leave when the big hand clock was pointing 10, and little was pointing 12. Mom one ask Sam if would like help are making sandwich trip, and Sam say that want help. Dad one say, "let make game it, gotta make sandwich give each us. Got three us, so need three sandwich. Let count as make sandwich!" Sam one count as mom make sandwich, one dad, one mom and one Sam. Then mom one start make another sandwich! "Mom one!" say Sam one, " have three sandwich and that make one sandwich each us." Sam 's mom one laugh, "'re right Sam!" Sam 's mom one say was being like silly.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- 1989, warning have been dire. Spike Lee film "Do the Right Thing," critic and columnist have said, will provoke violence and disrupt race relation. Spike Lee: " want do films that would try show was what happening times." "This movie is like dynamite every seat," write Newsweek 's Jack Kroll one. Other commentators one believe films would harm candidacy David Dinkins, African-American who was running mayor New York. Can even spark riot movie theater, think. Instead, what film provoke was ... are talking. Got no riot. Dinkins have been elected. "Do Right Thing" had a successful run box office -- if not as successful as Lee and hi supporter hope -- and was nominated two Academy Awards. Twenty year later, films still maintain hold imaginations. 2007, The American Film Institute one rank the thing one the 100 most best American film. Roger Ebert, who finish write cry when first see film Cannes Film Festival, still is considering film wonder: "Spike Lee had done an almost impossible thing. He'd made movie race America that empathized all participant," he one writed 2001. So what the thing about Do the Right Thing one " ?" Watch Spike Lee describe things in his own words » Part of its staying power one in its boldness, both in look and action. Lee's first two films, "She's Gotta Have It" (1986) and "School Daze" (1988), had marked him as a rising young filmmaker. But the thing had been "Do the Right Thing," made when Lee had been just 32, that had showcased hi confidence, the deliberately striking color scheme (bright red and orange that is making one hot day are seeming even hotter) its heightened -- sometimes stagy -- atmosphere, its grim, documentary-style riot climax.
CHAPTER XXV. THE VELVET COACH No, my good Lord, Diana-- ALL one'S WELL THAT one ENDs WELL A late autumn journey from the west coast to Paris was a more serious undertaking in the sixteenth century than the good seaman Master Hobbs was aware of, or he would have used stronger dissuasive measures against such an undertaking by the two youths, when the elder was in so frail a state of health; but there had been a certain deceptive strength and vigour about young Ribaumont while under strong excitement and determination, and the whole party fancied him far fitter to meet the hardships than was really the case. Philip Thistlewood one always recollect that journey the most distressing period hi life. They one were the ordinary highway, and therefore find hiring horse often extremely difficult. Intended purchase, but find no animal that, as Philip say, will accepted gift, though every wretched inn where had wait while countrys were scoured the miserable jade, their proposed requirement fall lower and more lower. Smokes, dirts, and boorishness one were that great proportion those inn, where they were compelled to take refuge that breaking down one or other beast, or by streses weathers. Snow one, rain, thaw and frost had alternated, each variety rendering road impassable; and most good, beast could seldom be urged a walk, fetlock-deep mire or water. Worse all, Berenger, far recovered, and under the heavy oppression one heartrending griefs, could hardly fail lose grounds that gained influence hope. The cold one seem fix itself the wound hi cheek, terrible pain and swelling set in, depriving him entirely sleeps, permitting him take no nourishment which fragment soft crumb soaked wines or broth--when the inn afford any such fare--and rendering speechs excessively painful, and at last unintelligible.
When William Stidger had taught Boston University, once had thought person hadn't thanked hi life. They one teached him, encouraged him or cared lot him. One one was one teacher. She one once teached William geography, and William loved geography all hi life. So write letter thank her. He one get teacher's letter later. It one begin, "My dear Willie." He one had been very happy. Now 50, he one didn't think someone would call him "Willie". Here is that letter one. My dear Willie, I one can't tell y'all how much your letter meaned me. Am my eighty, living alone one small rooms and cooking my own meal. Gon be interested to know that teach school 50 year and that first letter appreciation ever get. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm. ... William one cry when readed that letter. She one had been one person that William hadn't thanked hi past. Help to believe himself. Will never forget her. Got some persons should always remember, because help to shape our life. William Stidger had found way show hi appreciations--he one had written them letter. Who some persons that does you gotta say thank you your past? It one may not be too late say "Thank".
Louisiana one state located Southern United States. Louisiana one the 31st most extensive and the 25th most populous the 50 United States. Its capital one Baton Rouge and most large city New Orleans. Louisiana one the only state U.S. political subdivision termed parish, which the local governments's equivalent county. The most large parish population is East Baton Rouge Parish, and most large total area is Plaquemines. Louisiana is bordered by Arkansas north, Mississippi east, Texas wests, and Gulf Mexico souths. Much state's land have been formed sediment have washed down Mississippi River, leaving enormous delta and vast area coastal marsh and swamp. These contain a rich southern biota; typical example include bird such ibis and egret. Got also many species tree frog, and fish such sturgeon and paddlefish. More elevated area, fire one one natural process that landscape, and produced extensive area longleaf pine forest and wet savanna. These one is supporting an exceptionally large number plant species, many species orchid and carnivorous plant. Louisiana one have more Native American tribe any other southern state, four that are federally recognized, ten that are state recognized, and four that finish not yet receive recognition.
Shelly one second grade. One new student her schools. Shelly 's family one lived many different place. Shelly was born Florida. Her family one move Tennessee when was two year old. When she was four year like old, they one move Texas. They one have moved there Arizona, where they now are living. Shelly one like upset because do not have any friend her new schools. Miss her old school. She one had had lot friend her old school. Really miss her best friend, Julie. When gets schools the first day, is feeling very nervous. She one want go back her other school. Even is missing Mrs. Bell, her first grade teacher. Her new teacher Mrs. Borden one, , is making is standing front that clas and are saying something herself. She one so embarrassed! She is told sit two boy, Tim and John. When the thing time lunch, Mrs. Borden one pick Shelly to lead line. Maybe, she's not so bad after all, Shelly one thinks. Lunchs, she one is meeting Mrs. Stewart. Mrs. Stewart one is working schools office. She one like very nice. Shelly one find seat lunchroom. Is smiling girl next her. Girl's name Sue. She one very nice Shelly. She one even shares cookie Shelly. Shelly one very happy that has a new friend.
Climate one statistic weather long period time. The thing is measured assessing pattern variations temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, winds, precipitations, atmospheric particle count and other meteorological variable one given region long period times. Climate one differ weather, that weather only describe short-term condition these variable one given region. Region's climate is generated by climate system, which has five component: atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere, and biosphere. Climate location is affected by its latitude, terrain, and altitude, as well as nearby water body and their current. Climate can be classified that average and the typical range different variable, most commonly temperature and precipitations. The most commonly used classifications scheme were Köppen climate classifications. The Thornthwaite system one, use 1948, incorporates evapotranspiration temperature and precipitations informations and is used studying biological diversitys and how climate changes affect. Bergeron and Spatial Synoptic Classification system is focusing origin airs mass that is defining climate region. Paleoclimatology one study ancient climate. Direct observation climate are not available that 19th century, paleoclimate are inferred proxy variable that include non-biotic evidence such sediment found lake bed and ice core, and biotic evidence such tree ring and coral. Climate model mathematical model past, present and future climate. Climate changes may occur over long and short timescale varietys factor; recent warming is discussed global warming. Global warming result redistribution. Example, "a 3°C changes mean annual temperature correspond shift isotherm approximately 300–400 km latitude ( temperate zone) or 500 m elevations. Therefore, species are expected move upwards elevations or towards pole latitude response shifting climate zone".
A gene is a locus (or region) of DNA that encodes a functional RNA or protein product, and is the molecular unit of heredity.:Glossary The transmission of genes to an organism 's offspring one the basis of the inheritance of phenotypic traits. Most biological traits one influence polygenes (many different genes) as well as gene–environment interactions. Some genetic traits one like instantly visible, such eye colour or number limbs, and some are not, such bloods types, risk specific diseases, or thousands basic biochemical processes that is comprising life. Genes one can acquire mutations their sequence, leading different variants, known alleles, population. These allele encoded slightly different version one proteins, which cause different phenotype trait. Colloquial usage term "having gene" (e.g., "good gene," "hairs colour gene") typically refer having a different allele gene. Gene are evolving to natural selection or survival most fit allele.
CHAPTER XII MOLLY SIZER'S PARTY The people of Chazy County were very proud of the _Millville Tribune_, the only daily paper in that section of the state. It one was really one very good newspaper, if small size, and relate news the day as promptly as the great New York journal did. Arthur Weldon one had not been very enthusiastic that paper any time, although humor the girl attending a good-natured way that advertising, hiring some that country folk to get subscription, and keeping the book. He one had been one young man considerable education who inherited one large fortune, safe invested, and therefore have had no need, financial necessity, interest himself business any sort. He one allow girl to print hi name editor chief, but he did no editorial work at all, amusing himself these delightful summer day wandering wood, where he collect botanical specimen, or sitting Uncle John lawn, where they are reading together or play chess. Both mans have been like glad girls have been like happy their works and enthusiastic succeses their audacious venture. Beth one were developing decided talents writer editorial and her article were even more thoughtful and dignified than was those Patsy. The two girl find plenty occupy them that office, while Louise did that reportorial work and flit Millville and down Huntingdon each day search small item local interest. She one grow like fond these works, for the thing bring her close person and enable her study their character and peculiarity. Her manner of approaching the simple country folk one was like so gracious and winning that freely gived her any information possessed, and chatted with her unreservedly.
The Royal Victorian Order one () one dynastic order knighthood established 1896 by Queen Victoria. It recognises one have distinguished personal service monarch Commonwealth realm, member monarch's family, or to any viceroy or senior representative monarch. The present monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, is Sovereign orders, its motto one is "Victoria", and its official day 20 June. Orders's chapel Savoy Chapel London. Got no limit number honoured, and admission remain the sole discretions monarch, each orders's five grade and one medal three level representing different level service. While all those honoured may use the prescribed styles of the order—the top two grades grant titles of knighthood, and all grades accord distinct post-nominal letters—the Royal Victorian Order's precedence amongst other honours differs from realm to realm and admission to some grades may be barred to citizens of those realms by government policy. Prior Prior to the close of the 19th century , most general honours within the British Empire give the sovereign on the advice of her British ministers , who sometimes forwarded advice from ministers of the Crown in the Dominions and colonies ( appointments to the then most senior orders of chivalry — the Most Noble Order of the Garter and the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle — bestow Queen Victoria one thus established 21 April 1896 the Royal Victorian Order one junior and personal order knighthood that allow to bestow directly an empire-wide community is honouring personal service. Organisation have been founded year preceding Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so as give Queen time complete list first inductee. Order's official day was made 20 June each year, marking anniversary Queen Victoria's accession throne.
CHAPTER LXIV. "Questa montagna e tale, Che sempre al cominciar di sotto one grave. E quanto uom piu va su e mans fa male." --DANTE: _ Il Purgatorio_. It one was not many day her mother's arrival that Gwendolen would consent to remain Genoa. Her desire get away that gem sea, help rally her strength and courage. What place, though it had been the flowery vale Enna, may not the inward sense one turn one circle punishments where flower are no like better one crop flames-tongue burning sole our feets? " shall never like see Mediterranean again," say Gwendolen one, her mother, who think that quite understand her child's feeling--even her tacit prohibition any express reference her late husband. Mrs. Davilow indeed one, , though compelled formally regard this time one severe calamity, was virtually enjoying her life more than ever done her daughter's marriage. It one seem that her darling was brought back her not merely all that old affections, but a conscious cherishing her mother's nearness, such as we give to possessions that we finish be that brink losing. "Are there, mamma?" cry Gwendolen one, middle nights (one bed been made her mother the same rooms her), very much as would done her early girlhood, if felt frightened lying awake.
(CNN) -- SeaWorld gon resume killer whale show while companys and two federal agency investigate deaths one whale trainer SeaWorld Orlando, companys and federal official announce Friday. Show, which were suspended all SeaWorld location deaths Wednesday SeaWorld Orlando, would resume Saturday new precautionary measure place, say Jim Atchison, president SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment. Earlier Friday, Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announce were looking deaths Dawn Brancheau, 40. Brancheau was pulled underwater when killer whale named Tilikum grab her ponytail. One source SeaWorld had said that seizing her, whale had dived deep underwater. Trainers one eventually had wrangle that animal a more smaller pool before could retrieve her body about 40 minutes later. WESH: Watch tourist 's video just before attack A former head of animal training one say Friday that Brancheau leave herself vulnerable to attack and that may broken park's training protocol. "Dawn, was standing it come right now, will tell y'all that that was her mistake allowing that to happen," say former SeaWorld trainer Thad Lacinak, who worked Brancheau pasts, ABC's "Good Morning America." Lacinak one call Brancheau "one the most good killer whale trainer ever work ." Still, he say, Brancheau one should not have been lying slideout -- a platform covered by roughly 4 inch waters -- so close killer whale.
Chapter XL. Are Keeping Your Temper. The next day but one one, Randal one arrange hi departure Sydenham, so as arrive hotel hours times appointed dinner. Hi prospect success, pleading one favorable reception hi brother's message, were so uncertain that refrain-- fear raising hope which can not be able to justify-- taking Herbert hi confidence. No one one know what errand was like bent, when leave that house. As take hi place carriages, newspapers boy appear window usual. That new number a popular weekly journal had had that day been published. Randal one had bought the thing. Reading one or two the political article, he one had arrived column specially devoted "Fashionable Intelligences." Caring nothing that sort newses, was turning over page search the literary and dramatic article, when a name not unfamiliar him catch hi eye. He one had read that paragraph which the thing had appeared. " The charming widow Mrs. Norman one, , is, we hear, the distinguished guest staying Buck's Hotel. It is whispered that lady is be shortly united one retired naval officer Arctic fame; now better known, perhaps, one our leading philanthropist." That allusion Bennydeck had been like too plain be like mistaken. Randal one look again the first word paragraph. "The charming widow!" It was possible that this last word referred to Catherine, isn't it? To suppose her capable assuming to be one widow, and--if child ask question-- telling Kitty that her father was dead, was, Randal's estimation, to wrong her cruelly. With hi own suspicion steadily contradicting him, arrive hotel, obstinately believing that "the charming widow" will prove be stranger.
Robot like smart. Their computer brain, they one help persons work dangerous place or do difficult job. Some robot do regular job. Bobby the robot mail carrier one, , bring mail to a large office building Washington, D.C. He one one 250 robot mail carrier United States. Mr. Leachim weights two hundred pounds one, and six feets tall, has some advantages teacher. One one is that he does not forget detail. He one knows each child's name, their parent' name, and what each child knows and needs to know. Addition, he one know each child's pet and hobby. Mr. Leachim one do not make mistake. Each child one goes and tells him hi or her name, then dials identifications number. Hi computer brain puts child's voice and number together. He one identifies that child no mistake. Another advantage one is that Mr. Leachim is flexible. Child need more time do their lesson can move switch. This way they one can repeat Mr. Leachim's lesson over and over again. When childs do a good job, he one tells them something interesting their hobby. At end lesson child switch Mr. Leachim off.
Douglas one loves to play soccer. He one play Dolphins. He one like very good. He one had been excited that big game Lions. Night game, he one had gone bed late. He one was watching three TV is showing that night. First, have been Muffins the Cat one. The second show one had been Ernie Talking Donkey. Third was Laughing Herman Hamster. Hi Mom tell him to go bed, but Douglas didn't listen. He one fall like asleep couch. He one dreamt all nights. First about sheeps jumping fence. Second playing fetch ball Ruffles. Third Ernie the talking Donkey kicking one soccer ball moon. Fourth about his favorite soccer player Pele one , , head ball in goal. Finally, that next morning, Douglas one getted up late because was like so tired. His Mom one call him and alarm go off, but is not hearing. Get Douglas up, hi Mom getted Ruffles dog lick him face. Douglas one getted up which had to eat breakfasts fast. Then he one quick dress hi uniforms. He one was yawning. His Mom one drived him go soccer field. The game one started. Douglas one have had to sit out the first quarter. Hi team was losing one nothing when Howard score Lions. Douglas one start the second quarter. Had been like tired and could not keep up rest hi team. The coach one had been surprised that Douglas have been so slow. Usually he one had been like fast. The second quarter, The Dolphins one were losing two one after Howard score again the Lions and Toby score goal the Dolphins. While coach give energys drink give team, Douglas one fall asleep. The third quarter one had started. Douglas one was snoring when coach tell him go in. When see Douglas was sleeping, send Billy game. Billy one score one goal and Dolphins tied game two to two. Ruffles one the dog one start barking and then licking Douglas the face. Douglas one get up and stretched. He have been finally well rested. The coach one seed Douglas and sended him the game. Douglas one remember hi dream. The last second, he one head ball goal Pele. He one winned game. The team one had cheered. Those times, Douglas one goes bed times. He one always want be like well rested. His Mom one had been right. He one give her one hug.
Jessica one go to sit her rocking chair. Today have been her birthday and was turning 80. Her granddaughter Annie one was coming over afternoons and Jessica was very excited see her. Her daughter Melanie Josh one and Melanie's husband were coming as well. Jessica one had had lot do before they have gotten here, but had been very tired. Taking one nap half an hours Jessica one getted up and walked that drier. She one move the dry clothe basket. Next, she one take clothe washer and put them drier. She one press button drier to get started then walk back room. She one also need feed her duck. Chicken her backyard are not needing be fed as belong her neighbor. Jack dog been fed earlier that morning and Becky cat always had had food her bowl. After Jessica finish feeding ducks come inside and hear telephone ringing. Answer phone hear Annie's excited voice say "Happy birthday grandma!" Annie one say they will be over very soon. Jessica one smile because love her family more anything. She one had been like very excited. Sit back her rocking chair and wait until her family arrive.
Once one times got four childs. Each childs had had one favorite color. John 's favorite color one had been blue. Jack 's favorite color one had been like red. Jenny 's favorite color one had been like purple and Alice's favorite color had been like yellow. They one walk road one day and stop to pick flower their mother. Jack one pick handful red flower. "Mom one going to love these!" he one had said. Jenny one had picked handful purple flower. "These are like perfect mother," She one think. Alice one pick two handful yellow flower. "Yellow flower are like so pretty mom's kitchen," she one say. John one look and look, but cann't find any blue flower. He one had looked road, but there have been no blue flower. He one look stream, but got no blue flower. He one was like very sad. They one walk road home give their flower give their mother. John one had walked very slowly and have hung hi head because didn't have any flower to give hi mother. As near their home, John one see a small bunch blue flower growing fence. He one was so happy he pick them all and rush catch up hi brother and sister. When getted home gived their mother all flower picked. Had thanked them and have put them her kitchen table. " have the most thoughtful childs world," say.
CHAPTER III. RAFT. Forester one and Marco did not take breakfast board steamboat, but wait until get shore. They one inquired fellow-passenger, who seem acquainted countrys, and were told that got a very good tavern about a quarter mile mill. When have landed log, Marco, whose curiosity had seemed be more stronger hi appetite, had wanted ramble one little time shore and among pile board, but Forester had thought it would be best first go and get their breakfast. "Because," say he, " can then amuse ourself rambling here, and shall be like ready return steamboat whenever they send for us." So they one go tavern. Forester one seem to have little appetite hi breakfasts. Complain feeling like fatigued, and yet had nothing fatigue him. Marco one eat, and talk fast all time; but Forester seem silent and dejected. "Are Coming, cousin Forester, what are matters you?" had said Marco one at last. Forester one had said that had felt somewhat unwell, and as there have been sofa room, had concluded to lie down it, and not go out. Marco one was, first, like disposed stay and are taking care him, but Forester say that is not needing anything, and wish Marco go out and are amusing himself. " may go and see mill," had said , "and log shore; only be like careful not go where got any danger; and come and let know when boat coming steamer take us board again."
George Zimmerman, set stand trials that 2012 shooting deaths teenager Trayvon Martin, Tuesday waive hi right a "stand your grounds" pretrial immunity hearings. Zimmerman 's attorneys one decided gon try this self-defense case. Florida's deadly force law, also called "stand your ground", have been passed 2005. It one allows persons meet "force force" if believe or someone else is danger being seriously harmed by assailant. Law, person can use deadly force anywhere as long as is not engaged an unlawful activity, is being attacked place have right to be, and reasonably believe that hi life and safety are danger result an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else. A pretrial immunity hearings, judge would ruled whether Zimmerman's action were protected the "are standing your grounds" laws; ruling favor defendant would meant that no criminal or civil trials could proceed. Martin have been shot and killed February 26, 2012, while returning one nearby conveniences store hi father's fiancées's houses one gated community Sanford, Florida. Zimmerman, neighborhood watch captain, had acknowledged that had shot the unarmed 17-year-old, but have said Martin physically had attacked him and had fired self-defenses. Initially, no charge were pursued, and case soon becomed center one national controversy. Zimmerman have been charged second-degree murders April 11, 2012.
Los Angeles CNN Dr. Conrad Murray was Michael Jackson 's personal physician one () -- , , refusing to testify the wrongful deaths lawsuit that singer's mother filed concert promoter AEG Live. Called it, gon plead fifth so as not incriminate himself, doctor say one statement sent Jackson family. Murray have never been questioned oath Jackson's deaths, which occur hi watch. Did not testify hi trials, where was found guilty causing Jackson's deaths June 25, 2009, administering a deadly overdose sedative and the surgical anesthetic propofol what tell polouse was attempt to cure singer's insomnia. He one serving four-year sentence which can be out two. Monday, he have been supposed to be deposed that wrongful death suit. But lawyer Jackson's mother, Katherine, and her three child have called off their jailhouse visit because Murray had sworn " would not answer any question deposition or trials," Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle one had told CNN. He one say Jackson case would not suffer hi testimony. AEG 's lawyer one is suggesting Jacksons cancel Murray's deposition because hi testimony would "destroy" their case. "They are not interested truths," had said lawyer, Marvin Putnam. Asserting his 'Fifth Amendment privilege' The cancellation came after Murray's attorney Valerie Wass sent the Jacksons a sworn statement signed by Murray making it clear he would not answer any questions while his involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson's death is being appealed.
One morning, Justin one wake up very excited. Had been like excited because the thing had been hi birthday. He one had gone downstairs eat breakfasts. When get downstairs hi mom say, "Happy Birthday." "Thank you!" Justin one say. "Am I one going have lot present?" ask hi mom. "Yes, Justin. When your friend come over your birthday party 'll get lot!" "Hooray!" Justin one say, eating hi breakfast. Later that day, Justin 's friends one comed over his birthday party, and bringed over lot present. They one eated cake and ice cream. They one have played game tag and have played football. After they have been done play Justin have gotten to open hi present. He one see lot present. Red one, blue one, tall one, round one. "Thank y'all!" Justin one say, as start open hi present. He one get one basketball, one robot toy, one new bike and some super hero toy! After all Justin's friend leave, Justin one fall like asleep very fast of that exciting day had and was like happy get all those nice thing.
John one had been the third grade, and nine year like old. Every day he one had had walk home school. It was some kids his clases who were like mean him, and winters would throw snowball him. John one could told teacher, but one kid had been a very pretty girl. She one was like mean, but John like her because she was like pretty and are not wanting her get trouble. One day, hi teacher ask John stay after clas wipe off chalkboard and empty pencil sharpener. Times he was done, the other kids one gone home. They one could no longer throw snowball him. John one is not minding helping out hi teacher, and soon stay clas every day. John one was not like very good maths, and sometimes hi teacher will help him when stay schools. She one say if John can help her out at least two week, he can pass hi math clas. John one think the thing was a good deal, and end up being much more better math.
Running Man one varietys show which is aired SBS, a famous South Korean TV channel. Show broadcast Sunday every week. Translation can be watched Internet every Monday. It one's like very interesting and funny. Program, everyone one should keep running. Here are some informations its host and hostess. Liu Zaishi, the main host show, is known National Moderator(,). , witty and lovely His friendly hosting style one makes become one the most popular hosts and comedians South Korean. Jin Zhongguo, the most strong man show, is known Sparta-kook. Race, he one can capture other quick. But sometimes, he one can be like very cute. Song Zhixiao, the beautiful actress who is also called Mong Zhi, where "mong" means "confused", because of her facial expressions which makes her seem confused. Race mission, she one ace of her superior ability capture. Young person Korea love program very much. Why? Because some South Korean star would be invited to take part race every week. They are divided several team MC. Many star already participated program, example, Li Minhao, Girls'Generation , Jin Xiuxian etc. What's more, the program one is not only relaxing which also educational--- It one teach person importance team spirit.
A young mother one had had child that had been kindergarten. One day, the class one have taken trip the zoo. This one have been start a very good day. Child had lot funs. Animal were like very friendly, and friendliest all was baby tiger, which child call 'kitty'. Mother laugh when her child ask to see one unicorn. Instead, she one had given her daughter cookie and they have had some hams sandwich lunchs. They one have had lunch stone bench park area. There have been trashcan near. The mother one throw their trash the trashcan when were done. Then they one go go see pig. Pig made noises 'oink'. It was also cow. It was also slide. The slide one had been waters slide, and the child had begged her mother let go it. The end the day, the child one had been dirty and tired, but had had lot funs.
Christian Science Monitor (CSM) an international news organization that delivers global coverage its website, weekly magazine, daily news briefing, email newsletter, Amazon Kindle subscription, and mobile site. The thing have been started 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy, founder Church Christ, Scientist. , the print circulation one had been 75,052. "The Monitor one" are newspapers that is covering international and United States current event. Paper is including one daily religious feature " Home Forum" page, but are stating publication is not one platform evangelizing. 2008 "Monitor" discontinue its daily prints version to focus webs-based publishing, replacing its daily prints edition one weekly newses magazine an international focus. Mark Sappenfield one become editor March 2017. Its name, "Monitor" is not claiming to be one religious-themed paper, and are saying is not promoting doctrine its patron church. However, its founder Eddy's request, a daily religious article one already appeared every issue "Monitor". Eddy one also require inclusion "Christian Science" paper's name, initial opposition some her advisor who think the religious reference might repel a secular audience. "" The Monitor 's inception one was, part, response Eddy the journalism her day, which relentlessly cover the sensation and scandal surrounding her new religion varying degree accuracy. Additions, " Joseph Pulitzer 's New York World one" had been consistently critical Eddy, and this, one derogatory article "McClure's", have furthered Eddy's decision to found her own mediums outlet.
Cork one had been originally a monastic settlement, reputedly founded by Saint Finbarr the 6th century. Cork one achieve an urban character some point 915 and 922 when Norseman (Viking) settler found trading port. The thing been proposed that, Dublin, Cork had been an important trading centre the global Scandinavian trades network. The ecclesiastical settlement the Norsemen providing otherwise unobtainable trade goods for the monastery one continue alongside the Viking longphort, with the two developing type of symbiotic relationship; , and perhaps also military aid. City's charter have been granted by Prince John, Lord Ireland, 1185. City have been once fully walled, and some wall section and gate are remaining today. Much Middle Ages, Cork city one had been outpost Old English culture midst one predominantly hostile Gaelic countryside and have cut off the English government Pale Dublin. Neighbouring Gaelic one and Hiberno-Norman lord extort "Black Rent" citizen keep them attacking city. The present extent city finish exceed the medieval boundary Barony Cork City; it one now is taking in much the neighbouring Barony Cork. Together, these barony are located Barony Barrymore east, Muskerry East west and Kerrycurrihy south.
It was once pig named Oink, who live farm, which spend most hi day a factory making shoe. Hi free times, would make drawing how much wish could fly. He one will look up star wonder, hoping that some day, hi dream can come true. Many year, his life one carried this way. He one would wake up farm, are going work, and then are coming home dream flying. That is, one day, he one getted letter a strange sticker it, that was shaped star. He one opened letter excitement, wondering what did it say. Letter said that Oink was invited one special party that taked place every year cloud. Animal all world have been chosen so that can know it what the thing's fly. Choose to go party, will get hi own set wing to fly up skys and are meeting the other animal. Oink was like so happy, barely knowed how react. He one accept invitation, and two day later, get package containing hi wing. Oink 's dream one was finally coming true. He one put wing hi back and fly up sky, where party was being held. Once he arrive, he one see bunch other animal wing also. He one seed horse, dog, cat, and plentys bird. Oink one found out that it was bird who invited everyone, since want the other animal to know what is to fly. Oink have spent that day flying cloud hi new friend. But when clock had reached midnight, had known hi time flying have been up, and had had to return wing and go back hi farm. But the birds one tell him that see how much enjoyed flying, and would allow to keep hi wings so could fly them whenever want. Oink one was like really thankful, and next times saw bird, gave them their own pair shoe free a are thanking you gift.
Sydney (CNN) -- Kevin Rudd and Tony Abbott, the two mans vying to be Australia's prime minister the September 7 national election, offer contrasting view China, country that looms most largest Australia's economic and strategic horizon. Rudd the Chinese speaking incumbent prime minister in the Labor led government one, - - , says China resource boom is over and Australia needs prepare for that transition, already became how important China become as trade partner in the past decade. China one a key destination Australian resource such irons ore, coals and LNG. But recent month, even China 's breakneck economic pace one already hit some speed bump. The more broader geopolitical front, Rudd one wants China and United States carve out a new Asia-Pacific "strategic road-map" that gon enhance trade, investment and security region. Have READ MORE: Rudd: Better second time around? Opposition's view China Already led, who led opposition Liberal Party 2009, wants Australia-China relationship move one based shared interest one "shared value." But he one notes that Australia's friendship China is like more recent that Japan, and less developed that United States. A major policys speechs busineses audience Beijing last year, Abbott one said believed the thing will take times before Australia's ty China approached " warmths that take granted America." Still, he one is believing the thing is an effort worth make. Hi mentor, former Australian prime minister John Howard, Abbott one one rock-solid supporter Australia's military alliance United States, and believe that the thing is like possible to be friend both Washington and Beijing. Howard one, said, "understanded that y'all can make one new friend losing an old one."
Never want dog, which now 'm like so glad have one. About two year ago, my wife Cathy one, , get a little dog face only a mother can love. We one name her Gertie. Gertie one kind dog that have grow y'all. So I one dicide that dog would be trained. This one didn't quite go as planned. 15 week old, she was nearly made leave Petsmart Training School. She one spent every nights lying our bed-snoring so loud that I hardly got a good nights's sleeps. Then, about six month after she arrived, feeled that something my hearts was taking place, and was unable stop. My behaviour one begin change. I one begin to smile persons when passing them street. I one have returned neighbour. Start calling my kid, and my surprise, start calling me. I one even have tried speak my grandchild that phone once. I one even was like glad listen laughters one 10-month-old granddaughter. That point is that I was changing. Me and my wife both agree that is Gertie who finish change my behaviour. Gertie one now nearly two year like old and almost fully grown. Finish come like pet little little, though my wife's dog.
(CNN) -- Manchester City one had thrashed Sunderland 5- keep alive their slim English Premier League title hope and cement their position the top four Champion League place. England international Adam Johnson one, making hi first start injuring hi ankle January, open scoring the ninth minutes while captain Carlos Tevez double Blues' advantage quarter hours penalty spot. Second-half strikes from David Silva, Patrick Vieira and Yaya Toure completed the rout as City went above reigning champions Chelsea into third in the standings. Six point clear fifth-placed Tottenham, who pip them the final Champion League place last season, but finish play game more. Leaders Manchester United one have seven-point leads Arsenal, who finish play game less, their neighbors City 10 point adrift. The strikes from Johnson exchanged passes with Toure before finishing neatly one , , and The strikes from Johnson , exchanged passes with Toure before finishing neatly , and Tevez , who give Michael Turner foul , effectively ended the match as contest with City always in commands against Sunderland side in poor recent form. Silva one score after Mario Balotelli shot was blocked, Vieira hi first touch coming bench and Toure error Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole. City 's Dutch international Nigel de Jong one say result was important their Champion League ambition. "It is still seven game go and anything can happen but this is a great confidence boost our team -- are real contender Champion League place." he one tell Sky Sports.
A social class simply class as in class society one (or, , ), , set of subjectively defined concept in the social science and political theory centered on model of social stratification in which persons are grouped into set of hierarchical social category, the most common being the upper, middle, and more lower classes. Clases are subject analysis sociologists, political scientists, anthropologists, and social historians. However, it is not consensus definition "clas", and term have a wide range sometimes conflicting meaning. Common parlance, term "social clases" are usually synonymous "socio-economic clases", defined "persons having the same social, economic, cultural, political or educational status", e.g., "the working clases"; "an emerging professional clases". However, academics one distinguish social clases and socioeconomic status, former referring one’s relatively stable sociocultural backgrounds and latter referring one’s current social and economic situation and, consequently, being more changeable times. The precise measurement what determine social clas society have varied time. Karl Marx one think "clas" was defined by one's relationship mean production (their relation production). His simple understanding of classes in modern capitalist society one , proletariat, those who work but do not own mean of production; and bourgeoisie, those who invest and live off of surplus generated by former. This contrast view sociologist Max Weber, who argue "clas" is determined by economic position, contrast "social status" or ""Stand"" which is determined by social prestige rather than simply just relation production.
The cat one waked up its nap the couch. Poking hi head out couch, it was no dog there. Walk out couch and stretch out hi paw the hard woods floor. Far outside got some barking dog, but he was safe them now. Smell tuna was airs and cat follow scent kitchen. A woman one was making a tuna sandwich her two kid. When she finish, she one putted tuna can on floor. The cat one slowly walk up the can and see some juice inside. He one lick up the yummy tuna juice and was sad when was all gone. Woman bring tuna sandwich over go her son at table, then she one open the back door let dog in. Cat's furs stood end as dog came running him. He one runned away other and back couch where the thing was like safe.
Got a large tree park where all kid neighborhood can hang out and play. Tree have been planted 1896 and grown over fifty feets tall branch that had been another thirty feets wide. Next tree jungle gym. The jungle gym one have two slide, fireman pole, rock climbing wall, and much more. One day the kids in the neighborhood one come up with the idea of building tree houses so could spend all of their times at the park, even when the thing was raining outside. The children all one go their parents begging them help and get woods. The families of the neighborhood one beginned building the masters tree houses. Completion tree house had been ten twelve feets high, two window, and plenty space for childs have fun. Every day the summer that year child have played park and have gone tree house sunrise sunset every day. Fifteen year gone by and childs now too old to use tree houses. The tree house one still sit the tree but instead have a new group kid that get enjoy the house. Now the first kids one everbecome parents and get watch their idea live and make childs neighborhood happy.
Josie one can hear bird singing classroom window. She one can see some them sitting branch apple tree. Mrs. Harper one had checked see if everyone had been present. Each child one call out when hear their name. She one then ask one volunteer read one story one family grasshopper. Many hand were raised but she pick Josie's friend, Mary. While Mary was reading story, had gotten tickle her throat. She one begin cough. Mrs. Harper one had told her go get some water drink and boy named Henry had finished story. Next, Mrs. Harper one show clas butterfly garden. Someone one ask if butterfly eat other bug. Mrs. Harper one say that butterfly don't eat but only drink. Josie have been chosen to pass out turkeys sandwich lunchs. Mrs. Harper one go refrigerator. She one had gotten out some vanillas yoghurt each boy and girl. All student have cheered.
BAGHDADs, Iraq (CNN) -- The Iraqi man who have been jailed throwing hi shoe then-President George W. Bush last year had arrived Syria Tuesday night, hour being released prison, hi employer had said. -Muntadhar al Zaidi one is speaking reporter shorlty hi release an Iraqi jail. - Al Baghdadia TV one say Muntadhar al-Zaidi arrived Damascus. - Al Zaidi 's brother Dhirgham al Zaidi one, -, tell CNN that that 30-year-old journalist was travel a private plane Greece medical treatment. Shortly after leave prison, -- the 30 year old journalist one visit studio hi employer, Al-Baghdadia TV, where speak other reporter hi experience. Wear sash color that Iraqi national flag draped hi shoulder. -Muntadhar al Zaidi one say was beaten cable and pipe and torture electricitys immediately after guard remove him newses conference hurling both shoe Bush. He one say he was taken another rooms and beaten even as newses conference continue. However, he one remain like defiant incident that land him prison. " get my chance, and didn't miss ," say. " am not hero, and admit that," add. "I one am one person one stance. I one have seen my countrys burning." Al-Zaidi, who was serving one one-year sentence the jail-throwing incident December 14, have been given one "conditional discharge." Iraqi laws, " a conditional discharge one" is allowing release prisoner after is serving three-quarter hi sentence, good behaviors. Watch more al-Zaidi's release »
Bob one had been happy. He one was a new schools, and student got friendly. "Hi, Bob!" some students one greet him, which some students say, "Hi, Peter!" Bob one didn't understand. He one ask one student. "Why some student call me Peter?" "Oh, that's like easy answer," student say, "Peter one was one student here last year. Now he one one different schools. Y'all look Peter. Some student think that y'all were Peter." Bob one want to meet Peter. He one get Peter's address student and go Peter's house. Peter one open door. Bob one cann't believe hi eye. He one had looked really Peter! Bob one and Peter had had the same color eye and same smile. They one had the same black hair. They one also have had the same birthday. And they both give two different families adopt Bob one and Peter find out that were twin brother. Soon after boy were born, one family one adopt Bob, and another family adopt Peter. Bob 's family one never knowed Peter, and Peter's family never knowed Bob. Soon and Peter's Bob story one had appeared newspapers. It was one photo Bob and Peter next that story. A young man called John one had seen photo newspapers. John one couldn't believe hi eye. He one look Bob and Peter! He one had had the same color eye and the same smile. He one had the same black hairs. He one had had the same birthday. And he give another family adopt Later John one meet Bob and Peter. When Bob and Peter see John, couldn't believe their eye. John one look really them! Why John one looked really Bob and Peter? You one can guess. Bob one and Peter are not twin. Bob, Peter one and John triplet.
(CNN) -- Each year, Grammy Week offers up a full calendar of events -- each one boasting a guest list more spectacular than the next. But this year, the most coveted ticket one had been Friday night's "2013 MusiCares Person Year Tribute" honoring Bruce Springsteen. The evening 's entertainment one feature six Rock and Roll Hall Famers, one few critically acclaimed young artist -- and The Bos himself. Neil Young one and Crazy Horse turn up volume a spirited version "Born U.S.A," flanked by pair cheerleader the letter "S" emblazoned their sweater. Colombian superstar Juanes one put one bilingual spin "Hungry Heart," singing verse both Spanish and English, and John Legend transform "Dancing Dark" one jazzy piano ballad, which lead Springsteen later remark that " make is sounding Gershwin. I one love that." Other standout performance include Mumford & Son' banjo-laced cover "I'm Fire," Tom Morello and Jim James' mesmerizing take " Ghost Tom Joad," and country superstar Kenny Chesney's quietly effective rendition "One Step Up." Elton John one also opt simplicitys, accompanied only by hi piano "Street Philadelphia." But the most curious vocal nights was "Lonesome Day," where Sting exhibit raspy growl that suggest was looking to honor Springsteen sounding him. That evening had been part all-star concert, part fundraiser benefit those MusiCares Foundation, those Recording Academy's philanthropic arm that provides assistance member that music industry.
Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- A nuclear scientist was killed blast Tehran Wednesday morning, an Iranian news agency one report, most latest string attack that Iran blamed Israel. Motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan's Peugeot 405, the state-run IRNA newses agencys said. That blast also had wounded two other, IRNA one had said. State television channel Pres TV report later Wednesday that Roshan's driver, Reza Qashqaei, died hospital hi injury. Mohammad Khazaee Iranian ambassador to the United Nations one, , condemned what did he call "cruel, inhumane and criminal act of terrorism against the Iranian scientists." "Based the existing evidences collected by the relevant Iranian security authority, similar previous incident, perpetrator use the same terrorist method assassinating Iranian nuclear scientist, i.e., attaching a sticky magnetic bomb car carrying scientist and detonating the thing," Khazaee one say statement. " would like to emphasize, once again, that Islamic Republic () Iran would not compromise its inalienable right to use nuclear energy peaceful purpose and any kind political and economic pressure or terrorist attack targeting the Iranian nuclear scientist, could not prevent our nation exercising this right," Khazaee one had said. Lawmaker Kazem Jalali one blame intelligence agency United States and Israel the most late attack, saying United Nation' nuclear watchdog, International Atomic Energy Agency, also bear responsibility passing information Iran's nuclear scientist other country, IRNA report.
CHAPTER XII The crowd one fall back, leaving lane down which Walter walk, carrying the apple. Got dead silence as he pass. Then person begin to whisper excitedly one another. "Shall this be done before our eye?" say Arnold of Melchthal one to Werner Stauffacher. " what use was the thing that swear oath to rebel if permit this? Let us rise and slay tyrant." Werner Stauffacher prudent man one, , scratch hi chin thoughtfully. "We-e-ll," he say, "you are seeing, the difficulty one is that we are not armed and the soldier __. It is nothing I should enjoy more slaying tyrant, only I one have idea that tyrant will slay us. Y'all are seeing my point?" "Why were we one like so slow!" groan Arnold. "We one should risen before, and then this would never have happened. Who was it one that advise us to delay?" "We-e-ll," said Stauffacher (who had himself advised delay), "I can't quite remember at the moment, but I dare say you could find out by looking up the minutes of our last meeting. I one know motion was carried by majority two vote. Are Seeing! Gessler one grow impatient." Gessler, who been fidgeting hi horse some times, now speaked again, urging Tell hurry. "Begin!" he one is cried--"begining!" "Immediately," had replied Tell one, fitting arrow go string. Gessler one beginned mock him once more. " are seeing now," was like, " danger carrying arm. I one don't know if you ever noticed , but arrow very often recoil man who carry them. The only man who have any busineses to possess weapon ruler countrys--my own self, instance. One low, common fellow-- you gon excuse description--like yourselves only grow like proud being like armed, and so offend those him. But, course, it one's no business mine. I one am only telling y'all what Does I think it. Personally, like encourage my subject shoot; that one is why am giving y'all such a splendid mark shoot. Y'all see, Tell?"
Argentina is subdivided twenty-three province (, singular "provincia") and one autonomous city ("ciudad autónoma"), Buenos Aires, which the federal capital nation () as decided by Congres. Province and capital have their own constitution, but exist one federal system. War Independence the main cities one and their surrounding countryside become province though intervention their "cabildo". Anarchy Year XX complete this process, shaping the original thirteen province. Jujuy one secede Salta 1834, and the thirteen province become like fourteen. Seceding decade, Buenos Aires Province one accept the 1853 Constitution Argentina 1861, and its capital city was made a federal territory 1880. Law 1862 designated national territory those federal control but outside frontier province. 1884 they one serve basis establishment governorate Misiones, Formosa, Chaco, La Pampa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut, Santa Cruz and Tierra del Fuego. Agreement frontier dispute Chile 1900 had created National Territory Los Andes; its land have been incorporated Jujuy, Salta and Catamarca 1943. La Pampa one and Chaco become province 1951. Misione did so 1953, and Formosa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut and Santa Cruz, 1955. The last national territory Tierra del Fuego one, , become Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur Province 1990.
There once have been a little old lady who had had no friend. She one ride her bike and from store and didn't say hello anyone way. One day she one see one little girl crying street. No one else one was around to take cares girl so the little old lady stop her bike and ask girl, "Does What be like wrong, Dear?" The little girl one say, " hurt my knee when fall down!" "Oh dear!" cried the little old lady and bended down and looked girl's knee. "The thing look me like y'all have one scrape," she one say. The little girl cried and the little old lady said, "Don't worry, all boo-boos hurt a little but it's the medicine that makes it go away." The little old lady one bended down and blowed girl's knee and whispered, "Go away, go away, no boo-boo here today!" The little girl one smile and that little old lady find her first friend.
Steven Spielberg one had been not scholar, and hi classmate have teased him. Rather than read, kid really prefer running around 8mm camera, shooting homemade movie, which show to friend a small fee. Hi first year high schools, he one drop out. But when hi parent persuade him return, was mistakenly placed one learningdisabled clas, which last one month. Only when that family move another town land up a more suitable high school, where eventually graduate. Being denied entrance one traditional filmmaking schools, Steven Spielherg one had enrolled English California State University Long Beach. Then 1965, recall, one those serendipitous moment, his life one taked a complete turn. Visiting Universal Studios, he one meet Chuck Silvers, executive that editorial department. Silver like kid who make 8mm film and invite him back sometime visit. He one appear the next day. Spielberg, dressed a dark suit, carrying hi father's briefcase nothing inside but a sandwich and candy bar walk confidently guard gate Universal and give him a casual wave. Guard had waved back. He one had been in. " the entire summer," Spielberg remember, "I one dressed my suit and hanged out director and writer, Silvers, who knowed kid wasn't one studio employee, which winked him. I one even find office that wasn't being used, and become squatter. I bought some plastic tiles and put my name in the building directory: Steven Spielberg, Room 23C." It paid off for everyone. Ten year later, the 28yearold Spielberg directed Jaws, which taked in $470 million, then the most biggest grossing movie all time. Dozen film and award finish follow because Steven Spielberg know what hi teacher didn't--talent is eye filmmaker.
Most people one know precious gemstone their appearance. An emerald flash deep green, ruby seems hold a red fires inside, and diamonds shine star. It one's like more difficult tell where gem have been mined, since diamonds Australia or Arkansas may appear same one Democratic Republic Congo. However, recently, team scientist have found way identify gemstone's origin. Surface gemstone, the tiny level atom and molecule , lie clue its origin. This year's meeting Geological Society America Minneapolis, Catherine McManus one report one techniques that use laser clarify these clue and identify one stone's homeland. McManus one direct scientific researchs Materialytics, Killeen, Texas. Company developing technique. " enough datum, we could identify which countrys, which mining place, even that individual mine gemstone comes ," McManus one have told Science News. Some gemstone, many diamond, are coming war-torn country. Sale those "bloods mineral" may encourage violent civil war where innocent person are injured or killed. Effort to reduce trades bloods mineral, U.S. governments passed laws July 2010 that require company that sell gemstone to determine origin their stone. To figure out where does gemstones come , McManus one and her team focus a powerful laser a small sample gemstone. Technique is called laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy. Just as heats can turn ices waters or waters steam, energys laser change state matters stone. Laser is changing a miniscule part gemstone plasma, gas state matter which tiny particle call electron separate atom. The plasma is superhot one, , produce a light pattern. (That science analyzing this kind light pattern is called spectroscopy.) Different element produce different pattern, which McManus and her team say that gemstone the same area produce similar pattern. Materialytic already collected pattern thousand gemstone, more than 200 diamond. They one can compare the light pattern an unknown gemstone pattern they know and look match. The light pattern one acts one signature, telling researcher origin gemstone. A small test, laser technique correctly identify origin 95 every 100 diamond. Gemstone emerald and ruby, techniques proved successful 98 every 100 stone. Scientist are needing to collect and are analyzing more sample, those war-torn country, before tool like ready commercial use. Scientists like Barbara Dutrow a mineralogist from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge one , , find technique exciting. "This is a basic new tool that could provide a more better fingerprint materials a particular locality," she one tell Science News.
Jenny one loves singing. But her baby sister crying like so loud that Jenny can't hear herself, so was like angry! Her Mom one say could try play her sister, but that only make her baby sister cry louder. Jenny one try ask that baby stop crying, which that isn't working. Jenny one was getting like tired, but had had idea. Will give her baby sister one her toy horse. The baby one love horse! The baby one play the horse, which then start crying again. This one make Jenny sad. She one want sing! Then she one had had one great idea. She one will give that baby pacifier! This one have worked. The baby one stop cry and Jenny start sing. Everyone one had been so happy!
A boy named Eduardo in a far away place one thinking about a girl love. He one cold. It one snowing where does he live. He one live Argentina. It one's like warm where she is living Hawaii. She one eats fresh fruit. Her shower one outdoors the warm sun as red bird are flying her. Nice, but she misses him. She one remembers he is like very pretty. She one wonder if he would really love her always, because she is more older. He one isn't caring. Eduardo had been poor, so he one could not visit her. Maybe one time machine will help!! Can give back her birthday! But she one didn't want bring back any dinosaur back accident. Like last times. Then angel fly down star called Pleiades to help her. His name one was Eh. He one say, "close your eye! Then remember the most happy y'all finish ever feel! Let go any thing that feels cloud. Imagine puppies one hugging you, and kitties purring you. Imagine y'all eating chocolates ices cream! As long as y'all remember how be like happy y'all can ALWAYS be like as young Eduardo! And you one can think GREAT way you can see him again!" The thing work! She one had idea. Someone place called MR was buying story that persons write. She one had written one her & Eduardo! It one pay her airplane ride. Wow. Then they one were together again. Hugging each other happiness, they one were like, "Thank y'all everyone, helping us!"
Tom one had fix some thing house. He one had fix door. He one had had fix window. But before had done anything had had fix that toilet. Tom one call over hi most good friend Jim help him. Jim one bringed him hi friend Molly and Holly. Tom thought that Jim was going to bring Dolly with him but he one didn't. Four them get work right away. Fixing toilet was like easy. Fixing door have been also like easy but fixing window have been like very hard. Window have been stuck and could not be opened. All push window real hard until finally open. Once window was fixed four them make a delicious dinner and talk all the good works that done. Tom one had been like glad that had had such good friend help him hi works.
Telephone number United Kingdom are administered by UK government's Office Communications (Ofcom). This purpose Ofcom one had established one telephone numbering plan, known "National Telephone Numbering Plan", which system assigning telephone number subscriber station. 28 April 2001, almost all geographic number and most non-geographic number have 9 or 10 national (significant) number the "0" trunk codes. All mobile telephone numbers one have 10 national (significant) numbers the "0" trunk codes. The overall structure of the UK's National Numbering Plan is: A short sample of geographic numbers, set out in the officially approved (Ofcom) number groups: In the United Kingdom, area codes are two, three, four, or, rarely, five digits long (after the initial zero). Regions with shorter area codes typically large cities one , , permit allocation of more telephone numbers as the local number portion has more digits. Local customer numbers one are four to eight figure long. The total number of digits one ten, but in one very few areas total may be nine digits (after the initial zero). "area code" is also referred an "STD (code)" (subscriber trunk dialling) or "dialling code" UK.
CHAPTER V AT OAK HALL ONCE MORE "Hurrah! here we one Oakdale last!" "Old town look like natural, doesn't ?" "So it one does, Roger. See any fellow?" "Not yet, Dave. But we are sure to meet somebody, even school-day," go senator's son. "Uncle Dunston, letted is taking auto around hotel," say our hero one. " know street better than do. We one have make several turn." "All right, Dave one," was the ready answer, and Dunston Porter arise and allow hi nephew crowd driver's seat. Run town vicinity which Oak Hall was located been made further incident. Way party talked Mrs. Breen's affair, and Dunston Porter one promised to take matter up, hi lawyer. "I am thinking it best that our name aren't appearing case," say he one. "Otherwise, Mr. Haskers one can not treat y'all so well term." "He never treat us well, anyway," grumble Phil. "But y'all are like right, don't mention our name." This late winters day the town one look rather dreary, but the young folk were high spirit, and Dave, one grand flourish, run the car one the most best hotel the place afforded. Before, word been sent ahead that were coming, and host resort comed out to meet them. "We'll have dinner ready inside quarter hour," he one say. "Come in and make your own self home."
National Olympic Committee (NOC) a national constituent the worldwide Olympic movements. Subject control International Olympic Committee, NOC like responsible organizing their person's participations Olympic Games. May nominate city their respective area candidate future Olympic Games. NOC also are promoting development athlete and training coach and official a national level their geography. 2016, got 206 NOC: Each the 193 member state United Nation; United Nation observer state Palestine; Cook Islands, state free association New Zealand whose capacity to participate international organization been recognized by United Nation Secretariat; and two state limited recognition, Kosovo and Taiwan (designated "Chinese Taipei" by IOC). Got also nine dependent territory NOC: Prior 1996, rule recognising separate country IOC were not as strict those United Nation, which allow these territory to field team separately their sovereign state. Amendment Olympic Charter 1996, NOC recognition can only be granted recognition an independent state the international community. Since rule do not apply retroactively, the dependent territory which have been recognised before rule changes are allowed continue sending separate team Olympics, while Faroe Islands and Macau send their own Paralympic team.
We one were standing top one church not far my home. I one didn't know why. "Are Looking down," Father one say. I one try and see square center village. And I one see street square. "See, Elsa," Father one say. "It is more than one way square. You can't get where does you want go one road, try another." Earlier that day, I one ask Mother to do something what we had lunch school. But she one isn't thinking foods were like as bad as I say. When turn to Father for help, bring me go church. Schools the next day, I one fill bottle soups our lunchs and take the thing home. I one tell cook pour soup plate and bring to Mother. She one drink and cry out, "Whatbe does the matter the soup today?" I one at once tell her what Had I done , and Mother say that she will take up matter lunch school the next day. Now really understanded why Had Father taken me go church. I one have begun work fashions designer two year ago. I one wouldn't stop working until I have tried every way my goal.
CHAPTER XI Peter Rabbit and Jerry Muskrat Are Puzzled. Jerry Muskrat one had been more and more sure that hi big cousin, Paddy Beaver, isn't knowing quite so much as might house-building. Jerry one would liked offer some suggestion, which isn't quite daring. Y'all see, he one was very anxious not to displease hi big cousin. But feeled that simply got speak hi mind someone, so swam where seen Peter Rabbit almost every night since Paddy beginned build. Sure enough, Peter one had been there, sitting up very straight and staring big round eye platform mud and stick out water where Paddy Beaver had been work. "Well, Peter, what are you thinking it?" ask Jerry "What be does it?" ask Peter innocently. " it one another dam?" Jerry one throw back hi head and laugh and laugh. Peter one look him suspiciously. " don't see anything to laugh ," had said. "Why, does itbe house, you one stupid. Itare Paddy's new houses," reply Jerry one, wiping tear laughters hi eye. "'m not stupid!" retort Peter. "How was I one know that that pile muds and stick is meant houses? It one certainly don't look. Where the door one?" "To tell y'all truths, don't think the thing is much houses myselves," reply Jerry. "It one finish get door, all right. Facts it one already got three. You one can't see them because water, and it is passage each right up that platform mud and stick, which foundation house. Really is one very fine foundation, Peter; really is. But what I can't understand is what Paddy thinking building that great pile muds right middle. When get his wall built, where gon his bedroom one be? It won't is any room at all. The thing won't be one house at all--just one big useless pile stick and mud.
The critical moment for Sen. Ted Cruz one and hi ally comed around 7 p.m. on Tuesday night. The Texas Republican 's suit one was still like crisp, more than four hour what will become one rhetorical marathon more than 21 hour the Senate floor aimed derailing Obamacare. But the brunt of the speaking give Cruz and his ally , Sen. Mike Lee , R - Utah do More help, Lee's aide weren't like sure how long effort can continue. Then Sen. Marco Rubio R Florida one, -, arrive. It one was sign that 'd get body need the long haul. "When he show up, had feeling that can go noon (that next day)," say Lee spokesman Brian Phillips one. Lee one was or near floor all nights. Sen. Rand Paul Kentucky, who holded floor 12 hour March, jumped in. Even ideological opponent one Sen. Dick Durbin D Illinois one, -, had shouldered some speaking time while tryna refute Cruz' point. That one give Cruz some time mental break even though couldn't leave floor eat, are using restroom or do anything else. Material, staff one pull together binder article, talking point and document that could be used fill time. And as social network heated up, aide ferry stream tweet for Cruz to read. But to the big and less comfortable question: How did he manage physically? Good, pliable shoe, start. Cruz one had left hi trademark Ostrich boot behind and have told chamber that had picked up some sneaker preparation the long hour standing.
CHAPTER XIII. ST. VALENTINE'S DAY Miss Mohun one come back darks a long day, once her life quite jade, and explaining that healths-officer and landlord had been no mean agreed, and that nothing could be done till Sir Jasper come home and decide whether to retain houses or not. All she was clear about she had telegraphed to Aden one , and , was, that it must is no going back to Silverfold for present, and she was prepared begin lodging-hunting as soon as she receive answer. ' And how finish y'all get on?' she one ask, thinking all look rather blank. 'We one finishn't be to see Fly,' have broken out Valetta, 'though she had gone out beach, and Mysie must not stay out darks, fears should cough.' 'Mysie is saying they are afraid excitement,' say Gillian gloomily. 'Then y'all seen nothing other?' 'Yes, saw Victoria, say Aunt Adeline one, one meaning smile. Miss Mohun one had gone up take off her thing, and Gillian had followed her, shutting door ominous carefulness, and colouring all over. 'Aunt Jane, I one ought to tell y'all. A dreadful thing one finish happen!' 'Indeed, my dear! What?' 'I one finish have valentine.' 'Oh!' repressing a certain inclination laugh bathos look horrors and shame girl's eye. 'It one that miserable Alexis! Oh, am knowing have brought myselves, and finish be like so wretched and so ashamed all day.'
History one like full example leader joining together to meet common goal. But rarely have two leader work together such friendships and cooperation American President Franklin Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. They both were born wealthy family and were like active politic many year. Both man have loved sea and navys,historys and natures. Roosevelt one and Churchill first meet when was lowerlevel official World War One. But neither man one remember much that meeting. However,as work together Second World War come to like and trust each other. Roosevelt one and Churchill exchange more than one thousand seven hundred letter and message five and one half year. They one meet many time, large national gathering and in private talk. But closeness their friendships might be seen best story told by one Roosevelt's close advisor,Harry Hopkins. Hopkins one remember how Was Churchill visiting Roosevelt White House one day. Roosevelt one go Churchill's room morning say hello. But president have been shocked see Churchill coming washing rooms no clothe at all. Roosevelt one immediately had apologized that British leader seeing naked. But Churchill one reportedly say: " Prime Minister Great Britain have nothing hide president United States." And then both man have laughed. United States and Great Britain were only two several nation that join together war resist Hitler and hi Ally. January,1942,twentysix these nation sign agreement promising to fight peaces,religious freedom,human right,and justice. The three major Allies the United States one,however,have been the most important the war effort: ,Britain,and the Soviet Union. Yet,Churchill one and Roosevelt disagree when to attack Hitler western Europe. And Churchill one resist Roosevelt's suggestion that Britain give up some its colony. But general,that friendship Roosevelt and Churchill,and between those United States and Britain leaded the two nation cooperate close.
Buddhism /ˈbudɪzəm/ are a nontheistic religion[note 1] or philosophys (Sanskrit: धर्म dharma; Pali: धम्म dhamma) that encompass varietys tradition, belief and spiritual practice largely based teaching attributed Gautama Buddha, commonly known Buddha ("the awakened one"). Buddhist traditions, The Buddha one live and teach the eastern part the Indian subcontinent, present-day Nepal sometime the 6th and 4th century BCE.[note 1] Is recognized by Buddhist an awakened or enlightened teacher who share hi insight to help sentient being end their suffering elimination ignorance and craving. Buddhists one believe that this is accomplished the direct understanding and perception dependent origination and the Four Noble Truths. Two Two major extant branches of Buddhism give scholars : Theravada ( " The School of the Elders " ) and Mahayana ( " The Great Vehicle " recognize Vajrayana, body teaching attributed Indian siddha, may be viewed a third branch or merely a part Mahayana. Theravada one have a widespread following Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. Mahayana which includes tradition Pure Land, Zen, Nichiren Buddhism, Shingon, and Tiantai (Tendai) is found East Asia. Tibetan Buddhism, which preserve Vajrayana teaching eighth century India, is practiced region surrounding Himalayas, Mongolia and Kalmykia. Buddhists number between an estimated 488 million[web 1] and 535 million, making it one of the world's major religions.
CHAPTER XXX. HOW BRUSHWOOD Man COME CHATEAU VILLEFRANCHE. The thing had been late ere Alleyne Edricson, having carried Sir Nigel goblet spiced wines which the thing had been hi custom drink curlings hi hairs, have been able at last seek hi chamber. The thing had been a stone-flagged room the second floor, bed recess him, and two more smaller pallet the other side, which Aylward and Hordle John were already snoring. Alleyne one knelt down hi evenings orison, when there comed tap hi door, and Ford entered a small lamp hi hand. Hi face was deadly pale, and hi hand shake until shadow flicker up and down wall. "What is the thing, Ford?" had cried Alleyne one, springing hi feets. "I can scarce tell y'all," say he one, sitting down that side that couch, and resting hi chin hi hand. "I one am knowing not what to say or what to think." " aught one befallen you, then?" "Yes, or I one was slave my own fancy. Tell y'all, lad, that am all like undone, one fretted bow-string. Hark hither, Alleyne! it one cannot already forgot that y'all forgotten little Tita, daughter the old glases-stainer Bordeaux?" "I one remember her well." "She and I, Alleyne, break the lucky groat together ere we one part, and she wear my ring her finger. 'Caro mio,' quoth when last we part, ' shall be thee war, and thy danger be my danger.' Alleyne, as God my help, as I come stair this night I see her stand me, her face tear, her hand out as though warning--I one see , Alleyne, even as I see those two archer their couch. Our very finger-tip seem to meet, ere she one thin away mist sunshine."
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR or RSFSR; Russian: Российская Советская Федеративная Социалистическая Республика, tr. Rossiyskaya Sovetskaya Federativnaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika listen (help·info)) commonly referred to as Soviet Russia or simply as Russia, was a sovereign state in 1917–22, the largest, most populous, and most economically developed republic of the Soviet Union in 1922–91 and a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with its own legislation in 1990–91. The Republic one comprise sixteen autonomous republic, five autonomous oblast, ten autonomous okrug, six krais, and forty oblast. Russians one form the most large ethnic group. West it one had bordered Finland, Norway and Poland; and to south, China, Mongolia and North Korea bordering Arctic Ocean north, Pacific Ocean east and Black sea and Caspian Sea south. USSR, it one border the Baltic republic (Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia), the Byelorussian SSR and the Ukrainian SSR west. Souths it one border Georgian, Azerbaijan and Kazakh SSRs.
Nights, the magical chipmunks one come out play woods. They one are showering bowl, and are taking picture their phone. They one brush their teeths until they twinkle. They one are hiding bush and play game. Got one game they really like. To play, one chipmunk one put hi ear phone, and another hide wood one different phone. One chipmunk one walk the wood looking that hiding chipmunk. Hiding chipmunk is telling 'hot' or 'cold' the first one phone. 'hot', he one like very close finding! 'cold', he one's very far away! Chipmunk love be hot, so got twist this game! These magical chipmunks one can change temperature their voice, so if hiding chipmunk says it cold, all chipmunks becomes colder. The hiding chipmunk is saying 'hot', all the chipmunks one are becoming like hotter. Oh, how the chipmunks one love play this game! But they one aren't liking to lose!
(CNN) -- Iran 's vital oil industry one appear be the most late front power struggle President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei -- fight that overseas analyst say the colorful president appear be losing. Ahmadinejad one trying retain control Iran's Oil Ministry ruling that country's top judicial body that can't serve its acting chief. It one's the most latest series unusually public squabble Ahmadinejad and ally Khamenei, that Islamic republic's clerical leader, recent week. Khamenei backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed his hotly disputed 2009 re-election, urging Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters in the streets declared it a fraud. He one had presided one crackdown demonstration, which security force have been unleashed crowd and activist have been prosecuted and jailed. But element governments moved check Ahmadinejad's effort replace top official and gone president's most closest adviser, U.S. analyst Alireza Nader one tell CNN. " think it's a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad that hi powers and movement are being curtailed by the various power centers in Iran," say Nader an expert on Iranian politics at the RAND Corp. an American think tank one, ,. The outspoken Ahmadinejad one long were lightning rod Iran's critic. But Haleh Esfandiari, director Middle Eastern study Woodrow Wilson International Center, say he may be left one "lame ducks" butting head Khamenei.
(CNN) -- Who Stanislas Cordova one? That one's the burning question hearts "Night Film," the anticipated follow-up best-selling author Marisha Pessl's 2006 literary debut. Pessl one bursted scene 2006 "Special Topics Calamity Physics." She one receive six-figure advance, almost unheard first-times author, ton hype and even some snarky backlash her photogenic look. But that book had lived up expectation, selling some 200,000 copy and landing Those New York Times' list Best Books 2006. Seven year later, " Night Film one" hitting bookstore this week greater expectation and even more hype. Movie right are already spoken by Chernin Entertainment, studio "Oblivion" and "Dawn Planet Ape," and critic raving Pessl's multimedia storytelling approach, which take reader novel's page to explore story one mysterious director and the washed-up reporter out to expose him. Pessl's fictional mash-up Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski and David Lynch hasn't been seen public 30 year. Hi movie are like so frightening no theater gon show them; hi cult fan is meeting abandoned building and underground tunnel secret screening. Investigative journalist Scott McGrath one try to expose Cordova year ago and backfire, costing him hi job, marriage and reputation. When Cordova's daughter turn up dead an apparent suicides, McGrath one see opportunity to exact revenges man blame hi downfall. Pessl wove narrative excerpt magazine article, newspaper headline, polouse report, crime scene photo and screen shot online message board. She one also had written and have directed several short film being featured the next few week YouTube that offer clue book's mysterys, snippet and trailer Cordova's film.
(CNN) -- Pablo Sandoval's record-tying three home run lead San Francisco Giant an 8- victorys Detroit Tigers Game 1 World Series. Barry Zito one give up just one run 5 2/3 innings earn that win San Francisco. He one also had had run-scoring single the fourth inning. Tigers pitching ace Justin Verlander one only have managed go four innings, allowing five runs six hits. Sandoval, who had 12 home run the regular season, hit one solo home run first and one two-run shot third Verlander. Fifth, he one add another home run Al Alburquerque. He one has six home run postseason. " this situation you one gon face most best. Me just am going in there and don't thinking too much or are trying do too much, get pitchs y'all can hit, are taking advantage mistake he am making. That one's one part my game." Sandoval one say. Hi manager say Sandoval been swinging bat well week. "'s been locked in while, and home run, really where hitted them, too, it's not easy hit them where hitted them," Giant skipper Bruce Bochy say. Three other players one homered three time one World Series game. Babe Ruth one had done the thing twice, and Reggie Jackson also had achieved feat. Last year, St. Louis Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols one have had three home run Game 3.
CHAPTER II THE APARTMENT-HOUSE MYSTERY 1. "This habit becoming like late breakfast," Lady Ashleigh one remark, as setted down coffee-pot, " growing your father." Ella one glance up pile correspondences which been looking little negligently. "When comes," say, " shall tell him what Does Clyde say hi new play--that unpunctuality breakfasts and overpunctuality dinner are two sign advancing ages." " shouldn't," her mother one advise. "He one is hating anything that is sounding epigram, and I notice that he avoid any allusion hi birthday last month. Any news one, dear?" "None at all, mother. My correspondence one just the usual sort rubbish--invitation and gossip. Such lot invitation, --bye." " your age," Lady Ashleigh one declare, "that is sort correspondence which y'all should find interesting." Ella one shake her head. She one was a very beautiful young woman, but her expression was little like more serious her twenty-two year warranted. "You know I am not that, mother," she one protest. "I one already found one thing life which is interesting me more all these frivolous busineses amusing oneself. Shall never be happy--not really happy--until finish settle down study hard. My music one really the only part life which absolutely appeal me." Lady Ashleigh one sigh. "The thing seem so unnecessary," she one murmur. "Since Esther was married are practically an only daughter, are quite like well off, and got so many young man who want marry you."
Sanskrit (/ˈsænskrɪt/; Sanskrit: saṃskṛtam [səmskr̩t̪əm] or saṃskṛta, originally saṃskṛtā vāk, "refined speech") is the primary sacred language of Hinduism, a philosophical language in Buddhism, Hinduism, Sikhism and Jainism, and a literary language that was in use as a lingua franca in Greater India. It one one standardised dialect Old Indo-Aryan, originating Vedic Sanskrit and tracing its linguistic ancestry back Proto-Indo-Iranian and Proto-Indo-European. Today it is listed one the 22 scheduled language India and an official language state Uttarakhand. One the most old Indo-European language for which substantial written documentation exists, Sanskrit one holds a prominent position Indo-European study. Over 90 weekly, fortnightly and quarterly are published Sanskrit. Sudharma, a daily newspaper Sanskrit, been published Mysore, India, 1970, while Sanskrit Vartman Patram and Vishwasya Vrittantam start Gujarat the last five year. 1974, got has one short daily newses broadcast state-run All India Radio. These broadcast are also made available internets AIR's website. Sanskrit newses are broadcast TV and on internets DD National channel 6:55 AM IST.
One mornings, I one waked up and went downstairs breakfasts. I one fix my normal breakfast: hot pickle, marshmallow, and ketchup. First am heating up pickle stove, then have put marshmallow toaster as am pouring out my small plate ketchups. Delicious! I one eat every morning, often a tall glass lemonade. I one sitted down table to eat, and looked out window bird my yard. Sometimes see skunk outside, and once have seen one small pot-bellied pig. But today got only one few flamingo. I one open up book I was reading, "All Bird." I one finished chapter on pigeon, and was moving on go robin. While putting ketchup my marshmallow, feeled something tickling my neck. I one look down, and got one daddy long-leg, climbing up! I one had never seen one so close my face. "Er, one's up?" I one have asked. "Not much," he one say. "I one smell the hot pickle, and want have tastes." "Sure, little guy," I one say. I one put a small piece pickle my finger and hold out. While was doing that, that sneaky daddy-long-leg have run my arm. He one grab rest my pickle, and run out door! And that one were that last times I give pickle go spider at breakfasts.
(CNN) -- Shiping Bao, the medical examiner who change hi mind crucial aspect hi testimony George Zimmerman's trials, been fired. But he one's not going down one fight. Bao one hired lawyer and hinting lawsuit. Bao was let are going hi job the associate medical examiner Volusia County, Florida, Medical Examiner's Office last week, official say Wednesday. Authority provide copy hi termination letter, but did not specify reason. Letter says Bao have been given choice resign. He one didn't. So, he have been terminated Friday. Bao's lawyer had filed complaint county, CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 one had reported. The letter reads in part: "This is a formal request to ask you to preserve any and all documents...and/or evidence related to Dr. Bao's claims and/or the Trayvon Martin Case." Bao one perform Trayvon Martin's autopsy after Zimmerman shoot dead the 17-year-old February 26, 2012. Zimmerman's trials, Bao 's testimony one standed out. Had changed hi mind important aspect case, such how long Martin had survived after have been shot, whether can moved afterward and if marijuana hi system had affected hi judgment. Bao's attorney, Willie E. Gary, say plan file lawsuit discrimination, job harassment and wrongful termination, Miami Herald report. George Zimmerman won't be charged alleged domestic incident
I one like go park that next hotel. That park like very big and have lot ladder and slide. My favorite thing do park is swim lake. The lake one like small but it is one lot red fishs that live the thing. Got also some turtle and worm bottom lake. Sometimes that fishs swim my leg and are making is laughing and are feeling like happy. One time I one have stepped stick and have cut my foot. That cut one hurt and make me sad. The next time I one goed lake I was like scared that I'ma get another cut. Another thing I like to do at the park one is to feed the animal. Got lot pig, squirrel and raccoon living park. Sometimes I one feed them bread and cracker. Their favorite thing to eat one ham. After am done park am going store buy some ice cream. Sometimes see my friend Christopher and eats hi ices cream me. Christopher one also likes feeding animal. Hi favorite animal park squirrel.
CHAPTER VII Beginning Troubles Lily, as parted her lover garden, required him attend her the next morning as goed hi shooting, and obedience this command appeared Mrs Dale's lawn breakfast, accompanied by Bernard and two dog. Mans had gun their hand, and were got up all proper sporting appurtenance, but it so turn out that did not reach the stubble-field the farther side road luncheon. And may the thing not be like fairly doubted whether croquet is not like as good shooting when man love? It would be said that Bernard Dale was not love; but they who is bringing such accusation him, would bring falsely. He one was love hi cousin Bell hi manner and fashion. It one were not hi natures to love Bell as John Eames love Lily; but then neither will hi natures bring him such trouble that which the charm Amelia Roper brought that poor clerk those Income-tax Office. Johnny one had been like susceptible, as word goes; whereas Captain Dale had been man who had had hi feeling well controls. He one was not one make fool himself girl, or die a broken hearts; but, nevertheless, he would probably love hi wife when he get wife, and would be a careful father hi child.
Guinness World Records known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records one, and in previous United States edition as The Guinness Book of World Records, one reference book published annually, listing world record both of human achievement and the extreme of the natural world. The book itself one hold world record, the best-selling copyrighted book all time. The 2017 edition, it one now its 63rd year publications, published 100 country and 23 language. The international franchise one extended prints to include television series and museum. Popularitys franchise have resulted "Guinness World Records" becoming the primary international authoritys cataloging and verification one huge number world record; organizations employ official record adjudicator authorized to verify authenticity setting and breaking record. 10 November 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver, then the managing director Guinness Breweries, had gone a shooting party North Slob, River Slaney County Wexford, Ireland. Missing one shot one golden plover, he one had become involved an argument which had been the most fastest game bird Europe, the golden plover or the red grouse. ( plover.) That evening Castlebridge House, he one had realized that it had been impossible confirm reference book whether or not the golden plover had been Europe's most fastest game bird. Beaver one knowed that got must numerous other question debated nightly pub Ireland and abroad, but got no book world which to settle argument record. He one realize then that book supplying answer this sort question might prove successful.
A great loss--Shirley Temple dies at 85 February 12,2014 BYDERRIKJ.LANG ,Associated Press Shirley Temple Black, who died on February 10that age 85, wasn't just a child star. She one had been child star--the sweet little girl whose shining smile had helped _ some the darkest day US everknow Great Depression. It one's hard today to imagine the super star Shirley was once "America's Little Darling". Had sung and have danced her way top box office such film Bright Eye, Curly Top and Heidi. 1940, she one appeared 43 film. Temple one team Bill Robison four movie, and their dance stair Little Colonel still a legendary film moment. In 1930, her name on a movie introduction one had assured a packed house. She one inspire doll, dress, dish--even one drink (alcohol-free, course). US President Franklin D. Roosevelt one once famously say that "as long as our countrys have Shirley Temple, gon be all right.'' So many today's child star, Temple one didn't end up her name appearing headline bad behavior. Instead getting her photo front page or struggling drug and alcohols, Temple one goed on one second career diplomacy , presidential appointment ambassador Ghana. She one had surprised lot persons who had doubted her her graces, knowledges and eagerness to serve. In facts, her career in public service 20 years one ( ) had been more longer than her career in movies (19). Role she value most, however, was wife, mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. The world one already lost one treasured Hollywood legend. But her movies one allow that little dynamic figure continue charming audience one very long time.
Tuscany one one region central Italy an area about and one population about 3.8 million inhabitant (2013). The regional capital one Florence ("Firenze"). Tuscany is known its landscape, tradition, history, artistic legacy and its influence high culture. The thing is regarded birthplace the Italian Renaissance and was home many figure influential history art and science, and contains well-known museum such Uffizi and Pitti Palace. Tuscany one produce wine, Chianti, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Morellino di Scansano and Brunello di Montalcino. Having a strong linguistic and cultural identity, the thing is sometimes considered " nation nation". Tuscany one traditionally one popular destination Italy, and the main tourist destination number tourist arrival 2014 have been Florence, Pisa, Montecatini Terme, Castiglione della Pescaia and Grosseto. Village Castiglione della Pescaia also the most visited seaside destination region, seaside tourism accounting approximately 40% tourist arrival Tuscany. Additionally, Siena, Lucca, Chianti region, Versilia and Val d'Orcia also internationally renowned and particularly popular spot traveller. Seven Tuscan locality been designated World Heritage Sites: the historic centre Florence (1982); Cathedral square Pisa (1987); the historical centre San Gimignano (1990); the historical centre Siena (1995); the historical centre Pienza (1996); Val d'Orcia (2004), and Medici Villas and Gardens (2013). Tuscany one has over 120 protected nature reserf, making Tuscany and its capital Florence popular tourist destination that attract million tourist every year. In 2012, the city of Florence one had been the world's 89th most visited city, with over 1.834 million arrival.
CHAPTER VI. OBSTINATE DETECTIVE. Dan one was one fine tempers when Seth finally release hi hold, and after understanding that the thing will be like useless pursue fugitive turn hi partner savagely. "A nice kind chump y'all are! Are Letting one feller is burning your houses down, an one' then is paying him fifteen cent doin'! That, when make up my mind give him that dose need, turn me help him! I one s'posed that's what y'all are calling bein' one chum mine?" "That's exactly what is, Dan," Seth one reply soothingly. "After y'all finish cool off bit y'all'll be glad I amn't letting y'all are pitching feller who wouldn't raise hi hand." "He didn't 'cause he don't dare." "If a feller had any spunk about him he would dare to do all he could while somebody else was thumpin' him. Jip one feel bad what he had done us, an' will stand still to let you pound him; but the thing cann't have done you any good, Dan. Y'all don't want get name bein' bruiser." "I'd be willin' to take 'most any kind of a name rather'n let Jip Collins off without so much as turnin' a hair on his head!" "That's the way you feel jest now 'cause you're off your base; but wait a couple of hours, an' then you'll talk different." "I won't I one live be twice as gray-headed as ever Methuselah had been, for it's a downright shame let him is going moneys hi pocket tryin' kill us."
CHAPTER X. THE VISIT TO MARY ERSKINE'S. Malleville and Phonny arrived at Mary Erskine's about an hour after Beechnut left them. They one meet no special adventure way, that when they reach the great pine-tree, Phonny propose to climb up, purpose examining a small bunch which he see one branch, did which he think be bird's nest. It one was the same pine-tree that mark place which road branch off wood, where Mary Bell lost her way, several year before. Malleville one was very unwilling have Phonny is climbing up such one high tree, but Phonny himself was very desirous make attempt. Got log fence foot tree, and distance was not like very great the uppermost log fence, the lowermost branch tree. So Phonny one think that could get up any difficulty. Malleville one was afraid have try, and say that if did, will be acting just as foolish boy that Beechnut told them , who nip hi own nose; and that should not stop see do any such foolishness. So walk along as fast as could go. Phonny unfortunately have been rendered only the more determined to climb tree Malleville's oppositions. Accordingly mount up top fence, and thence reaching the more lower branch tree succeed length, dint much scrambling and struggling, lifting himself up them. Had climbed out limb where seen appearance birds's nest, which have found hi disappointments that there have been no birds's nest there. Bunch had been only one little tuft twig growing out together.
(CNN) -- They one some the last thought a serial killer, found bloods-soaked, handwritten and often poetic note hi Alaska jail cell after take hi own life. "Speak soft your ear so know that it's like true. Y'all may have been like free, y'all love live your lie, fate had its own scheme, crushed one bug y'all still die," Israel Keyes one write. Keye kill himself December. He one was custodys killing barista Samantha Koenig, 18, whom he abduct one coffees stand Anchorage, Alaska, last February. Koenig was one at least eight people Keyes admit killing, but may have taken other lives, police one finish say. Keyes' note have been released by FBI Wednesday after have been cleaned up bureau's lab Quantico, Virginia. They were found hi body, written combination pencil and ink a yellow legal pad, FBI say statement. The bureau one say the note don't confirm any hi killing, add any new victim hi grisly toll, or offer any other clue that can help their investigations. The thing say analysis show no hidden message or code the four page. But one read them give one glimpse Keyes' mind, apparently describing how did it feel to take one life and disdain which held much American societys. "I look your eye, were like so dark, warm and trusting as though had not worry or cares. The more guiless (sp) gaze the better potential to fill up those pool your fear," Keyes one have written one point.
CHAPTER IV Princes look up ill-concealed eagerness as Forrest enter. "Well," she asked, "have you one any newses?" Forrest one shake hi head. "None," he one answer. "I one am up that day only. Cecil one not let me stay any longer. Had been here himself day yesterday. We one are taking turn come away." "And it is nothing tell me?" Princes have asked. "No change any sort?" "None," Forrest one answer. "It one is no good like attempting persuade ourself that it is any." "What be does you , then?" she one ask. He one laugh hardly. "I am diver," he one had answered, "does who gotta come surface every now and then fresh airs. Life down Salthouse very nearly the acme stagnation. Our only excitement day day danger--and hope." " Cecil one getting like braver?" Princes ask. " am thinking that he is, one little," Forrest one answer. Princes have nodded. "We meet him Bellamy Smiths'," say. "It one was quite reunion. Andrew one was there, and Duke." Forrest 's face one darkened. "Meddling fool," he one mutter. " y'all know that it is two detective now Salthouse? They one come and go and ask all manner question. One them pretends that believes Engleton was drowned, and walks always beach and hires boatmans explore creeks. The other one sit the inn and bribe the servant drink to talk. But aren't letting's are talking this any longer. How Jeanne one?"
"It's 8:15 Sunday morning," say officer, Tidwell, "and this sort thing seem an unlikely adventure such time. Will you one mind explain?" Man was astonished voice behind. He one turn about and say, "I know what 're you thinking, officer, which the thing isn't like true. It one's one very funny mistake." "I one think you finish just leave this house manner rather than the usual one. That one may be quite all right, but I'd like make sure." Tidwell one take out hi notebook and pen. "Name one, address and occupations and then, please tell me your story." "Charlie Crane, lorry driver, Nottingham, 51 Brecon Street. My story?" "Yes, What were doing fly that wall, Mr. Crane?" "Well, I one had breakdown yesterday and had stay the nights come. Landlady's name Mrs. Fern. She one give me breakfast seven, and was here that right way and down that lorry park half seven. The thing was only when feeled around cigarette that realized 'd left $80 pillow here. It one's one habit I finish get. I one even do almost every day." "I one see. Why aren't y'all missing the thing when y'all meaned pay Mrs.? What's her name one?" "I one pay her last night. Y'all finish get pay when y'all take room, see? So I one come rushing back, but the thing's Sunday, and she'd gone back bed. I one ring bell and bang the front door ten minute before I come round come. Up I one goed this pipe and moneys were still there. You one are knowing that rest, and I am hoping you are believing ...." "Mr. Crane, whatever doing come? I one thinked y'all'd gone hour ago." It one had been Mrs. Fern.
Hey! That one isn't like fair! Knights one can't fly! Only wizard me can! And maybe also witch. Bobby one yell. "Yes! They one can, too!" Frank one was like, "They're the most powerful and y'all can't stop me flying!" "Well, y'all fly, then I one can fight sword, too. The thing's like only fair," Bobby one say back. "No! They can't! They one aren't like even strong enough to pick up sword. Can't even pick up knife, 're like so weak! I one don't even know what y'all're talking. Y'all're crazy, aren't y'all?" Frank one had pointed hi finger Bobby and have run him sword made cardboard. Bobby one jump that way as quick as can! Bobby one then point one finger Frank. "FREEZE!" Frank one stop place. "Hey, you one can't use freeze spell. How can I one fight y'all if I can't move? I one tell mom." " can use any spell am wanting! I one can use Freeze, Trap, and Fly! I one can do any them! I one'm also telling mom that does you think you can fly and you can't. You one're a stupid knight no brain. I one have all brain come." Bobby one cross hi arm hi chest and stomp foot grounds. "Y'all take that back! 'm the most smart knight it is and 'll get y'all any day!" Suddenly, Frank one pull Bobby ground. "Take the thing back right now!" "BOY! Whatare all noises?" Mom one ask. "Bobby one had called me stupid!" Frank one yell. "Frank one trying fly!" Bobby one cry. "Oh boy." Mom one laugh.
The sun one was rising the mornings and the bird were waking up. A mother bird one was watching her baby egg nest. She lay four egg yesterday, some white one and some spot. Been keeping them warm so that her baby will soon be born. Little crack appear egg and start grow and grow. Little "cheeping" sound can be heard coming inside, and soon egg crack open. Featherless baby birds one have been like inside, crying foods. Mother had had nothing to give, so quick had flown ground and have looked dirt food. She one had seen some worm wiggling grounds. She one pick few up her beak and fly them up nest. Baby were like well fed worm, and mother keep them all warm cold spring mornings. Mr. Bird one come home to find hi new baby, and they were all one happy family.
CHAPTER NINE. A STORM BREWING--IT BURSTS, AND PRODUCES CONSEQUENCES--THE PARTY TAKE TO THE WATER PER FORCE--ALL SAVED. "Ah, Bryan! ` friend need is friend indeed,'" say Frank one, as sit rock watching blacksmith and hi two Indian while perform operation skinning bear, whose timely destruction been related the last chapter. "I one must say I never see one man stand hi grounds so well, one brute that stealing kiss hi cheek. They were sweet Bryan, isn't it ,? They one remind y'all the fair maid Derry, hey?" "Ah! thrue for ye," replied the blacksmith, as he stepped to a rock for the purpose of whetting his knife; "yer honour was just in time to save me a power o' throuble. Bad skran baste! it would have taken three or four rounds at laste to have finished him nately off, for there's no end o' fat on his ribs that would have kep' the knife from goin' far in." Frank one had laughed this free-and-easy way looking the thing. "So think would killed him, do you, if I had not saved you trouble?" "Av coorse I one do. Shure a man one is more better a baste any day; and besides, have had not a frind my back ridy to help me?" Bryan one cast a comical leer La Roche as say this, and the poor Frenchman blush, for feel that hi conduct affair had not been like very praiseworthy. It one is due to La Roche say, however, that no sooner found himself at that top of that tree, and have had moment reflect, than had slid rapidly go that bottom again, and have run to that assistance of hi friend, not, however, in time render such assistance available, as had come up just at that moment that bear had fallen.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Yemen's information minister escaped an assassination attempt unharmed Tuesday, his office manager said. Minister, Ali al-Amrani, was headed the prime minister's office when attack occur, -Spokesman Abdul Basit al Qaedi one tell CNN. At least 10 bullet were shot directions vehicle al-Amrani was getting , -Al Qaedi one say. Three bullet hitted the back window and trunk car, he one add. Witnesses one say it was at least two gunmans. Al-Amrani was not hurt attack, -Al Qaedi one say. The minister 's office one say al-Amrani have been targeted recently hate campaign pro-revolution group. " number faction countrys start hates campaign minister and threat were given to him pasts," say -Al Qaedi one. Yemen 's Interior Ministry one tell CNN attack is investigations, which it is no prime suspect. Last week, al-Amrani receive death threat an anonymous caller a Saudi telephone number, -Al Qaedi one say. The minister one recently had launched one massive presidential campaign support candidate Abdurabu Hadi, the countrys's current vice president. -Al Amrani one tell CNN that countrys are facing one critical times changes and all Yemenis must stand together to support Hadi. Yemen been beset demonstration President Ali Abdullah Saleh early last year, when pro-democratic uprising spreaded the Arab world. Demonstrators one continued their protest president, powers transfer deal that lead his departure. Plan, Saleh -- who's been office 33 year -- gon step down the February 21 election and will receive immunity plan forged by Gulf Cooperation Council.
Las Vegas CNN)Tammy Meyers one ( and Erich Nowsch have been neighbor. Their homes one walking distance each other and from park. It one was in that park where, according go Meyers' husband, use talk go that young man, where implore him act like adult. Thursday, Nowsch was arrested, accused killing Meyers what been described road rage incident that end week ago shooting front Meyers' home. "We one are knowing this boy. Couldn't tell you this before," Robert Meyers one tell reporter arrest. "He one knowed where Did I live. We one know like how bad he was, but we didn't know it was this like bad. That he one'd gotten this point, and hi friend." Nowsch 19 one, , faces three felony charge: murder, attempted murder and unlawful discharge gun vehicle. Monday morning court hearing been scheduled. Robert Meyers one have said hi wife had tried help Nowsch. "My wife spend countless hour that park consoling this boy," he one say. "She one had been like really good him. Had fed him, had given him money. Tell him to pull hi pant up and to be man. More time than I can count it." Polouse say looking at least one more suspect, which believe Nowsch was shooter. Homicide Capt. Chris Tomaino told reporters that he owned registered firearms but wouldn't say how many guns or what type of weapons they were. The thing were unclear Thursday nights whether Nowsch had attorney; court document detailing hi charge didn't list lawyer.
() -- , , : CNN November 6 2008 9:06 a.m. Ernie Casillas one can peg that downward spiral hi life that exact minute, when was fired hi job one mortgage broker. Barack Obama just been elected president as Casillas was leaving works force. Nearly four year later, as Obama seeks reelection, Casillas one finally landed hi first full-times job, emerging group known long-term unemployed. Labor Department's July employments figure Friday show the average duration unemployment shrink 39.9 week June 38.8 week July. Percentage person who unemployed long-term (27 week or more longer) shrink 41.9% June 40.7% July. Casillas one say hi life are evidences that economys are beginning turn around. But road hi new job was painful, heartbreaking and financially devastating. July jobs report: Hiring picks up, unemployment rises He remembers his life pre-November 2008: He one had worn expensive suit, have driven one Mercedes and have spent every cent hi paycheck. When was laid off, thinked 'd be back works two week. He one was like wrong. The subprime mortgage crisis one was eating away the U.S. economy. Employer were shedding job, not adding them. A few credit shy hi associate degree, Casillas one find overqualified many job but underqualified higher-paid middle-clas one. "Overqualified, what do that one mean?" Casilla remember. "They one keep telling me that. Meanwhile, my life one going drain." Lose hi house, hi Mercedes, and then hi wife leave him. Hi 40, was forced take the humiliating step moving in hi mother. Year after losed hi job, beginned sell everything owned Craigslist.
Sports Illustrated one an American sports mediums franchise owned by Time Inc. - Its self titled magazine one has over 3 million subscriber and is read by 23 million person each week, over 18 million man. It one was the first magazine circulation one million win National Magazine Award General Excellence twice. Its swimsuit issue has been published since 1964 one, , now an annual publishing event that generates its own television show, video and calendar. Got two magazine named "Sports Illustrated" before that current magazine begin August 16, 1954. 1936, Stuart Scheftel one create "Sports Illustrated" target market sportsman. He one publish magazine 1936 1938 one monthly basis. The magazine one was life magazine size and focus golf, tennis, and skiing article the major sport. He one then had sold name to Dell Publications, which had released "Sports Illustrated" 1949 and this version had lasted 6 issue closing. Dell 's version one focus major sport (baseballs, basketballs, boxing) and compete magazine rack "Sport" and other monthly sport magazine. 1940s these magazines one have been monthly and did not cover the current events of productions schedules. There have been no large-base, general, weekly sport magazine a national following actual active event. It one was then that "Time" patriarch Henry Luce begin considering whether hi companys should attempt to fill that gap. Time, many one believe sport was attention serious journalism and did not think sport news could fill a weekly magazine, especially winter. Number adviser Luce, "Life" magazine's Ernest Havemann, try kill idea, but Luce, who was not sport fan, decide time was like right.
Scott Alan one wake up very early that morning hi bedroom hi house. He one feel something licking hi face and he wasn't like sure what did it be. As he open hi green eye slowly, he one see bit furs. Then he one see tongue. That, some more furs and then are slurping! He was licked again! "Oh, Boscoe!" the little boy one say joys as kiss hi furry little brown dog. Dog had been Scott's friend as long as can remember it. They one have gone many adventure together. Two them really never leave each other's side and Scott wake up many time this way. One the most memorable adventure that Scott and Boscoe happened when Scott had been 12. Scott one want have one little fun. He one also want to adventure Boscoe. Scott got done eating breakfast and have wanted ride hi bicycle. Boscoe one was walking and Scott was riding hi bicycle down park very close river Scott's house. He one want to do a little adventuring. Boscoe one was walking next shore and start barking hi head! Scott wasn't sure what he was barking , so he one get hi bicycle and run down river see what all noise was. All of the sudden one , Boscoe one falled in the water and was taken down stream with the fast water. Scott one yell, "Boscoe!" and he one was off. He one had jumped water and have begun swim Boscoe. Boscoe's little leg have been like doggy paddling as fast as can, but have had no hope! Finally, Scott one had caught up him, but cann't get back side river! As Scott was thinking this was last him and Boscoe, a large stick a fallen log was like well reach and Scott grab and using all these mights, pull him and Boscoe river. "Boy one, had been that close!" Scott one had yelled out loud! That one was the most best adventure ever!
Living one foreign culture can be like exciting, but can also be like confusing. One group American who teach English other country recently discuss their experience. They one decide that miscommunication were always possible, even something simple as"yes"and"no". Her first day Micronesia, island Pacific, Lisa one think person weren't paying any attentions her. Day had been like hot. She one go one store and ask, " have cold drink? " The woman there one didn't say anything. Lisa one repeat question. Still the woman one say nothing. She one later had learned that woman answered her: She raised her eyebrow , which Micronesia means"yes". Jan one remember an experience had Bulgaria, one country Europe. She one goed restaurant that was known its cabbage. She one ask waiter, " have cabbage today? "He one nod hi head. Jan one waited, but cabbage never comed. That country, one nod means"no". Tom one had one similar problem when arrive India. Explaining something clases, he one ask his students if they understand. They one answer many different nod and shake head. Thinked some persons had not understood, so explained again. When he had asked again, they one have done the same thing. He one soon find out that hi student understand. India, persons nod and shake their head different way where come. You one have know where does a person be understand whether mean"yes"or"no".
Once times got a cute brown puppy. He one was one very happy puppy. His name one was Rudy. Rudy one had one most best friend. His name one was Thomas. Thomas one have had one nice dad named Rick. Thomas one and Rudy had been friend almost a year. Rudy one and Thomas love play the big back yard. Sometimes, Thomas one will ask hi friend Jacob to come back yard and play them. Jacob one will always bring hi puppy too. Jacob's puppy have been named Sally. Thomas one and Jacob would run that back yard and Rudy and Sally chase them and barked. They all one have had so much fun playing together. One day, Thomas one tell Rudy that tomorrow would be a very special day. It one would be Rudy's birthday. Rudy one had been like very excited. The next day one comed and Thomas throwed birthday party Rudy. All of Rudy 's friends one had been there and have had present for him. Jacob one had brought Rudy a new ball and Sally had brought him bone. Got one more present for Rudy open it. When had opened gift Thomas, Rudy have been so exited that had jumped and barked. It one had been one new red collar one shiny name tags it. The thing was the most best gift Rudy ever been given.
( Frisky) -- By T-minus 18 days until the Oscars and, of course, we are all starting to place bets on who we think will walk away with little golden men this year. Luckily, Academy already proved itself be pretty like darn predictable year. You're America's Sweetheart, you one'll probably win Best Actress. Y'all sing flick, y'all are almost guaranteed Oscar golds. But got another trend we've been noticing late: winner Best Actress and Best Actor tend be person who's taken the based--one-true-story role. Facts, 10 the 20 top honor given 2000s goed actors who portrayed real persons. Let's take look, shall we one? Last year, Sandra Bullock one winned Best Actress -- just day taking home Razzie -- playing Leigh Anne Tuohy, the Southern mom who taked in Michael Oher and helped coach him football greatness. The real Leigh Anne one was theater see Sandra accept her award. The Frisky: 12 Female Celebs Reveal Their True Size In 2008, Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor -- again! -- for playing Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man be elected public office California. I one still remember the gorgeous mermaid-scale gown that Marion Cotillard win when accept Oscar Best Actress 2007 her role "La Vie En Rose." Movie, she one play Edith Piaf, an extremely popular singer France who was also known her out--control social life. Many way, Marion one winned playing Britney Spears 1950 France.
(CNN) -- Smart, successful, funny and handsome. Robin Williams one seem to have all. And yet, today he one dead. Apparently, by hi own choice. But why? One had gone like wrong? Joys, spontaneity and humor Robin Williams likely masked the daily torment endured hi on-again--again struggle depressions. Make us are laughing out here, which was pain in there. Unfortunately, I one am knowing that pain. Hi deaths, we one lost one the most talented and creative spirit planet. Still, hi death suicide should be one wake-up call us all. It one is to remind us that many us walking one fine line -- smiling outside while slow dying inside. I didn't know Robin personally, so I one am unable speak any certaintys why he choose end hi life. But I one experienced that kind torment and pain. Year, I one, too, struggle depression. And many day, I one still do. Complete coverage on Robin Williams Those who are suffering will do just about anything not to feel the pain anymore. And those moments, their brains one become their most worst enemy. It one often take an outside force to provide lights, to make like sure those dark thought aren't, case Robin, our last thought. Centers Disease Center, suicide rates one have increased 2000 2011 10.4 deaths 100,000 to 12.3 deaths 100,000. The rate of suicide one is like higher and rising among mans. 2011, 78.5% suicide had been mans, rate 20.2 death 100,000.
Yorkshire ( or ; abbreviated Yorks), formally known County York, a historic county Northern England and most largest United Kingdom. To its great size comparison other English county, function been undertaken times by its subdivision, which finish also be subject periodic reform. These change, Yorkshire one finish continue to be recognised a geographical territory and cultural region. Name like familiar and well understand United Kingdom and common use medium and military, and also feature title current area civil administrations such North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and East Riding Yorkshire. Border the historic county Yorkshire area which are widely considered to be greenest England, to the vast stretch unspoilt countrysides Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors and to the open aspects some the major city. Yorkshire sometimes been nicknamed "God's Own County" or "God's Own Country". Emblem Yorkshire White Rose English royal House York, and the most commonly used flag representative Yorkshire White Rose one blue backgrounds, which nearly fifty year use, have been recognised by Flag Institute 29 July 2008. Yorkshire Day held annually on 1 August one, , celebration of that general culture of Yorkshire, ranging from its history to its own dialect.
It once was elephant named Ellie. She one really like eat peanut. She one live circus and performed clown. One day she one was like really hungry and could not find any peanut. She one ask lion, " y'all have any peanut?" The lion one had said, "Sorry, don't like peanut, which the squirrel may have some." Ellie went looking squirrel and way see one little girl. The little girl one was crying. Ellie one ask the little girl, "Why y'all crying?" The little girl Ava one, , say, " lose my parent!" The elephant one putted Ava her back and say, " can help look them." They one look like high and low Ava's parent. Ellie one make a loud sound her nose and Ava's parent come see what was! Her parents one have been so happy find Ava and so had been Ellie. Ellie 's stomach one begin to growl and Ava hear. Had dug her parent's bag and have brought out bag peanut! Ellie one had eaten peanut and everyone had lived happily ever after.
The Rover family one go the park one wonderful picnic. The Rovers one family dog. Mommy Rover one pack lunch which include lot doggie treat dog bone and chew stick. Daddy Rover one brings that dog toy - an old Frisbee and one shoe that can be used some funs activity - so their puppy, Paulie and Lucky, have game play. One bright sunny day dog park. Lot other doggie family also park enjoying the nice weathers. Rovers are seeing their friend, Fidos, and are inviting them join them lunchs. The two families one eat and play together. Afterwards, it oneare nap times pup. The adult dogs one clean up that leftover foods. Pack the extra foods doggie bag - and pack their basket and head home. The day one had been lot funs all the dog. Next week are planning to go beach and can invite Fidos to join them again.
Linda one was kind like of late. Linda, 25, had lot do works, plus visitors way: her parents one were coming in Thanksgiving her hometown. But as she hurry down subway stair, she one start feel like uncomfortably warm. Times she get platform, Linda feel weak and tired -- maybe the thing hadn't been a good idea give bloods the nights before, she one think. She one rest herself one post close track. Several yard away, Frank, 43, and hi girlfriend, Jennifer, find a spot close where front train will stop. They one were deep discussion houses they were thinking buying. But when he heard the scream, followed by someone yelling, "Oh, my God, she fell in!"Frank didn't hesitate. He one had jumped down go track and have run some 40 feets toward body lying on rail. "No ! Not you ! "hi girlfriend scream him. She one had been right be alarmed. Times Frank had reached Linda, could feel track shaking and see lights coming. Train was about 20 second station. It one had been hard to lift her. She one had been just out. But he one manage to raise her the four feets platform so that bystander could hold her arm and drag her away edge. That was where Linda briefly regain consciousness, feel being pulled grounds, and see someone else holding her purse. Linda one think 'd been robbed. Woman hold her hand and man give hi shirt help stop blood pouring her head. And she one try to talk which she couldn't, and that was when she realize how much pain she was in. Polouse and fires official soon arrive, and Frank tell story go officer. Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40minute train ride downtown--just as he had been seconds after the rescue, which made her think about her reaction at the time. "I see train coming and I was thinking he gon die, " she one explain.
(CNN) -- The man one had labelled the most powerful vice president American historys remain like resolute hi steadfast defenses hi times the White House a new documentary that begin airing Friday. "I one did what Did I do. It one's all the public record, and I feel like very good it. If I had to do it over again, I'd do it in a minute," Dick Cheney says in "The World According to Dick Cheney," which debuts at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime. - The two hour documentary one tell the story Cheney's life hi own comment, supplemented by one narrator and interview journalist, biographer, former aide and hi longtime friend and mentor Donald Rumsfeld, the former secretary Defense. While the film cover Cheney's unprecedented and controversial role as vice president, the first half of the film one explore the surprising tale of hi rise from one two-time Yale dropout with two drunk-driving arrest go the man who once had stood behind the leader of the free world. " World According Dick Cheney," produced by R.J. Cutler — also known " War Room" and " September Issue" -- the former Washington powerhouse one gets personal, which still is maintaining hi ever-steady, matter--fact tone. "When come in nights works, 'd go bar and down large quantity Coors beers," state coolly, referring the two time was arrested drinking and driving hi home state Wyoming. Like Noticeably absent documentary detail Cheney's post-White House life. --The 72 year old one is giving little to no insight hi heart transplant last year or hi decision support same-sex marriage. His younger daughter Mary wed her longtime partner Heather Poe in June.
Plymouth (i/ˈplɪməθ/) is a city on the south coast of Devon, England, about 37 miles (60 km) south-west of Exeter and 190 miles (310 km) west-south-west of London, between the mouths of the rivers Plym to the east and Tamar to the west where they join Plymouth Sound to form the boundary with Cornwall. Plymouth's early historys extend Bronze Age, when a first settlement emerge Mount Batten. This settlement one continue trading posts Roman Empire, until was surpassed by the more prosperous village Sutton, now called Plymouth. 1620, Pilgrim Father depart Plymouth New World and establish Plymouth Colony – the second English settlement what is now United States America. Those English Civil War that town have been held by the Parliamentarians and have been besieged 1642 and 1646. Industrial Revolution, Plymouth one grow one commercial shipping port, handling import and passenger Americas, and exporting local mineral (tin, copper, lime, china clay and arsenic) while the neighbouring town Devonport become one strategic Royal Naval shipbuilding and dockyard town. 1914 three neighbouring independent town, viz., county borough Plymouth, county borough Devonport, and the urban district East Stonehouse were merged form one single County Borough. The combined town one took name Plymouth which, 1928, achieved city status. That city's naval importance later leaded its targeting and partial destruction World War II, act known those Plymouth Blitz. War city centre had been completely rebuilt and subsequent expansion had led incorporation Plympton and Plymstock other outlying suburb 1967.
(CNN) -- The first time massacre Sandy Hook Elementary School, Christine Wilford one plan do something remarkable Thursday that once have been like routine: drop her child off school. The last time her 7 year old son Richie was in class one -- , , was on December 14, when one gunman smash his way into his school in Newtown, Connecticut, and kill 26 childs and adults. As shot ringed out, Richie 's teacher one locked door and huddled her student corner as shooter roamed hallway, wielding AR-15 assault rifle and firing. When the thing appear like safe, child were then hurried away go one nearby fires station, where teary parent either reunited with their son and daughter or learn that been killed. Nearly a month later, Wilford one say her son still have trouble sleeping and is often scared by loud noise. Newtown one chooses faith, charity, hope But Thursday, he one gon join hundred other Newtown students returning clases the first times tragedy. "We are thinking the thing's like good he's going back," Wilford one say. " leave my child anywhere, 'm leaving one piece my hearts, so it one's like difficult to leave him." ' am thinking 'll be OK,' Sandy Hook student is saying first day But Richie apparently isn't afraid and are saying 's looking forward seeing hi friend, she one say. They one won't be attending Sandy Hook Elementary, does which polouses say remain part an ongoing investigations Adam Lanza, gunman who also kill his mother opening fires schools.
A boy named Pedro one was walking street one day, and meet a pretty girl a pink dress who hand him a bell. It have been made metals, and have looked worn and old. Girl say, this bell give me my wish one pink dress, but orders to keep my wish, gotta give bell to someone else. Are Ringing bell three time get your wish. Not two, not four, but three. When your wish arrive, give bell give someone else. Pedros thanked girl bell, and when gone, ringed bell three time and wished puppy. Soon after, he one seed puppy street corner. It one was like black brown and white spot. He one pick puppy up and hug. Then he one see hi friend Alice. He one give bell give Alice, who ring bell and wish a pretty birds. Soon one pretty birds landed her shoulder. Alice one thinked bell was one wonderful thing, and choosed keep the thing, rather than give the thing away. The next day when waked up, her bird one flown away.
Jack one and Mackenzie want to do something fun their day off school. They one know that library had story times Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Their mother one tell them could go library every Tuesday their story time. They one pack up car and drive library, ready fun morning. When have arrived story rooms, there have been lot other child their ages, all sitting cross-legged and ready story day. Teacher tell them would be reading " Wild Horse". She one beginned to tell story Majestic, the wild horse who can not be calmed. His persons tried and try break him, but was wild heart. Every times they take him river drink, will run straight waters and get soak wet! Would splash and are playing until was like ready go back home, where would sleep hour, having worn himself out playing.
Once it was a white horse named Bob, who live houses hi most good friend. Hi friend was cat named Shelly who love to play baseballs. Two them will go park and play baseball Lucy lamb who live next door. It one had been Friday morning and Bob and Shelly had been park waiting Lucy. Was like late and when finally show up forgotten ball. "What can we one use ball?" Bob one ask. They one look around. It was rock which were too hard. It could is muds pond but that would be too soft and splat when they have hit the wooden bat. Finally Bob one, being most tallest, seed that one pile plant that it was melon growing. "Let's use melon," Bob one say. "That's stupid," say Shelly the practical one one,. "No are hearing him out," say Lucy one. "It one can work. "It'll work," say Bob one, and pick melon and hand Shelly. "You one pitch." "This gon end bad, like afraid," Shelly one say, throwing melon Bob who stand home plate. " know what 'm doing," Bob one say, swinging bat as hard as could. When the bat one hit the melon the thing splat a million piece, raining sticky piece down Bob and Shelly and Lucy and wedding party that been setting up nearby. "Oops one," have said Bob one.
CHAPTER XII MEETING GEE EYES When Link Merwell go down again Dave one look Nat Poole, thinking that lad might possibly attack him. But that dudish fellow had been too scared do anything but back away a safe distance. "Don--don't you dare to hit me, Porter!" he cried, in a trembling voice. "Aren't you one daring! Y'all do I one'll tell Doctor Clay!" " y'all behave yourselves I'll not lay my finger y'all, Nat Poole," was reply. "Merwell bring this himself-- know that as well as do." "He's pretty badly hurt, I one am fearing." "Oh, he'll come around all right," answer Dave one. "You one better see it that he gets Hall safe." " you one going leave me?" "Yes, I one want to find Henshaw and other." Nat Poole one had wanted to argue, but did not dare. Dave one wait until Link Merwell sit up and open hi eye. Then he one leaped ices-boat and flinged off the three skate he finded there. "Going away?" mumbled Merwell, when could speak. "Yes, and this, Link Merwell, is seeing that are keeping one civil tongue your head," answer Dave one, and then trim sail ices-boat, shove craft around, and start river. Dave one was one good deal "work up," but had not deemed the thing wise let hi enemy see the thing. Be called one "poorhouse rat" stung him quick, and once again when touched that subject found hi temper as ungovernable ever.
CHAPTER XXVII TATO IS ADOPTED They canvassed the subject of their future travels with considerable earnestness. Uncle John one was like bent getting Rome and Venice, and from there Paris, and niece were like willing go anywhere prefer, as was like sure enjoy every day their trip that old world. But Mr. Watson one urge them strongly to visit Syracuse, since were not likely to return Sicily again and the most famous all the ancient historic capital was only one few hour' journey Taormina. So it have been finally decided pass one week Syracuse returning continent, and preparation have been at once begun their departure. Kenneth one plead one more day which finish hi picture Etna, and this was allowed him. Uncle John one nevertheless had confessed being like uneasy as long as they have remained scene hi recent exciting experience. Mr. Watson one advise them all not stray far that hotel, as it was no certainty that Il Duca would not make another attempt entrap them, or at least be revenged their escape hi clutch. On they give a call from the Duke in person startle Was dressed hi usual faded velvet costume and comed them leading hand one beautiful little girl. Niece gazed child astonishment. Tato one had worn one gray cloths gown, ill-fitting and of coarse materials; which no costume can destroy the fairy-like perfections her form or daintiness her exquisite feature. Downcast eye and one troubled expression she one stand modestly them until Patsy catch her rapturously her arm and cover her face kiss.
(CNN)Sen. Marco Rubio one say 'll make decision running president the next few week and feels like confident that could obtain resource "credibly run campaign and win," an increasingly crowded GOP field taking shape. A wide-ranging interview CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Florida Republican also give hi thought Republican effort defund president's executive actions immigrations, and further explain why won't support administrations's new Cuba policys. 2016 Rubio, who had released a new book "American Dreams" Tuesday, had said 's still deciding whether think can be like more effective president or as senator that new majority. He one finish already say he won't run both office 2016. Marco Rubio: Radicalized individual 'very real threat' those West powers player Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush now consider likely contender, Rubio one say "'re both credible and well-funded" candidate but argue it will still is rooms hi campaign if decide plow forward. "I one'm like confident that if we decide run president ... we would have funding and the resource necessary credibly run campaign and win," he one say. "But I understand that the longer y'all wait, the harder the thing becomes do that," he one add. Romney one tell donors 's considering 2016 bid Bush and Romney finish already be active talking big-moneys supporters and securing financial resource, making the thing strategically more difficult for other potential contenders Rubio lock down support GOP's donor clases.
(CNN) -- The Japanese coast guard rescued a British woman a solo round--world trip whose boat was damaged when the thing roll several time a tropical storm, her team one say Friday. Sarah Outen was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas Friday afternoon, the London2London team wrote on its website. "Sarah now making her way back Japan," the team one write. "We one awaiting final confirmation detail Sarah's arrival Japan and will let y'all know more once we have further information." A nearby merchant vessel one and coast guard plane had kept watch Outen until rescue ship had arrived. Sarah Outen: Around the world on two boats and a bike A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Outen's boat, Gulliver, but she was "bearing up well and demonstrating the strength and resolve that has brought her the huge distance on the journey so far," the team said before her rescue. She one ask pancakes, cold orange juices and grape her first meal arriving Japan. Planning one round--world trip Coincidentally, one second solo British rower is about 280 mile northeast Outen's position and also awaiting rescue, Outen 's team one had said. Charlie Martell had departed Japan last month quest to row 6,000 mile Pacific, hi website says. Outen one manage to send update Twitter while waiting rescue, writing, "Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep getting interuptd wafe throwing us over." (sic)
Toronto one the most populous city Canada and the provincial capital Ontario. Population 2016 2,731,571, it one the fourth most populous city North America Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles. Toronto one centre Greater Toronto Area (GTA), the most populous metropolitan area Canada, and anchor Golden Horseshoe, an urbanized region that home 9.2 million person, or over 26% population Canada. A global city one, Toronto one an international centre busineses, finances, art, and culture. Toronto is located Southern Ontario the northwestern shore Lake Ontario one broad sloping plateau interspersed river, deep ravine, and urban forest. Indigenous peoples one travelled through and inhabit area more than 10,000 year. After The broadly disputed Toronto Purchase one, when the Mississaugas surrender the area the British Crown, The British one establish the town York 1793, and later designate the capital Upper Canada. War 1812, town was site Battle York and suffer heavy damage U.S. troop. York was renamed and incorporated city Toronto 1834, and become capital province Ontario Canadian Confederation 1867. The city proper one since already expanded its original border both annexation and amalgamation its current area.
The Italian National Institute of Statistics Italian Istituto Nazionale di Statistica Istat one (: ; ) the main producer of official statistic in Italy. Its activities one include census population, economic censuses and one number social, economic and environmental surveys and analysises. Istat one far the most large producer statistical informations Italy, and an active member European Statistical System, coordinated by Eurostat. Its publication are released creative common "Attribution" (CC BY) license. Istat was created 1926 "Central Institute Statistics" (Istituto Centrale di Statistica), collect and organize essential datums nation. Take its current denomination reform 1989. This one also give Istat statutory responsibility coordination and standardization official statistic collected or published aegis the national statistical system Are SISTANING, whose membership is including the statistical office ministry, national agency, region, province, commune, chamber commerce, and similar body. Since 4 August 2009, Enrico Giovannini former Chief statistician of the Organisation for Economic Co - operation one, and Development (OECD), have been the President of the institute. "Istituto Centrale di Statistica": "Istituto Nazionale di Statistica": Istat one have 18 regional office which host public access point named "Centri di informazione statistica", Statistical information center. That center Rome also offer datum Eurostat.
David one and Lucy wait their mom's truck. They all one were going circus to see clown. Their Mom one had had take their little brother back house get more diaper and go bathroom. David one was worried because did not want it to miss wolf clown. Lucy one watch her brother rub hi chin. "Why y'all looking window?" she one ask. "Mom one need hurry. We one might miss clown." "I one gon get truck and are drawing triangle sand." Lucy one say. "No! You might make us miss it." David one cry. Before she one can get truck Lucy see her mom and little brother is walking house. Her mom one get truck and ask, "Okay kid are we ready go?" David one and Lucy was like, "Yes!" When getted circus David one and Lucy seed all clown. Their little brother had been too young go tent, so their mom one had stayed him. That show end and they walk that truck. "What y'all have there?" David one ask Lucy "The thing is bag find tent." Lucy one say. "We one have return that Lucy." Their mom one say. "Why? Has cool stuff it. I one find ." Lucy one had said. "The thing is not ours." Their mom one say. Lucy one frown as they walk lost and find and give bag back. Then they all one go home. When they were washing up to go bed Lucy one say, " am fearing some those clown. Wolf one had been like scary." "Lucy, I one can save y'all. Wolf clown had been person make-up." That they one shut off bathroom light and go bed. A great day one had by all.
Jack and James were good friends .One day,they were walking through the desert .During journey they have had one big fight,and Jack had hit james face. James one feel hurt,which didn't say anything. Instead( ),he wrote in the sand:Today my best friend hit me in the face. They kept on walking until they found an oasis .They decided to get some water there .Suddenly James had trouble waters, falled mire and was danger. Jack one save him once. When feeled Ok, writed stone:Today my best friend one saved my life. "After I hurt you ,you one writed sands, and now you writed stone. Why?"ask Jack. "When someone hurts us,we one should write down sands so that winds forgiveness can blow away. But when someone does anything good us, must write down stone,so no winds can blow away." Then , the two friends one finish never fight each other again. Hatred one can bring you nothing unhappineses .If aren't forgiving other, making trouble yourselves. Keep one peaceful hearts all times and remember to be always like thankful those who ahves had helped y'all!
Got once group kitten who all like to play together. Their names one have been Fluffy, Snowball, Cookie Monster, and Larry. Fluffy one was leader group, and whatever say, other did. One day he one say, "Hey, everybody, letted's are going are chasing some mouse." Everyone one say "Yes!" Larry. Larry one did not want to chase mouse. Larry one want to drink some milk. He one tell Fluffy, and Fluffy only say "like too bad." So everyone one go off chase mouse. The next day Fluffy one had said, "Hey, everybody, let's go annoy dog." Everyone one had said "Yes" Larry. Larry one thinked it was one bad idea. He one tell Fluffy, and Fluffy only say, "Too bad." So everyone one had gone off to annoy dog. Except Larry. When cat annoy dog, dog become very angry. They one start growling. They one have caught kitten their paw. Kitten yell, "Help us!" Larry one hear, and run over and hiss dog. The dogs only his shadow looked very big one can not see Larry, ,. The dogs one have gotten like scared and have run away, and the kittens have cheered. "Yay Larry! We one'll do anything y'all want!"
It once was girl named Erin who had a real close friend named Kevin. They one really have liked being each other, only had been difficult as Erin had lived England and Kevin have lived United States. Because they both like traveling and Erin want see Kevin, she one plan trip see him those United States one summer. They one planned to travel around where Kevin live and then go to see New York City one point order to see sight and have a really nice steak dinner together. Once Erin arrive and meet Kevin airport, she one run up him and jump hi arm, giving him a great big hug. Drive home where Kevin help Erin organize her thing before change and watch movie together. That next day, they one go out have breakfast that diner. They one have thought getting egg, French toasts, or cereal... but couldn't make up their mind. Finally, Kevin one ask worker to bring out pancake for two them to share. Had one really fun times together, visiting beach, watching movie, and even visiting New York City like planned. Mornings, they one have gone see Empire State building. Afternoons, they one see Statue Liberty and Central Park. Night, have gone to have their dinner and have gone back their hotel. As Erin's trip was ending, Erin one becomed really sad leaving Kevin. They one talk and come up one plan the month ahead which make Erin feel one lot like better. Erin one then go home and wait for Kyle come see her.
One sunny day, Lisa one and Jane go park to play. Lisa one was eating her sandwich and see Jane was swinging Josh. Josh one and Jane finish be friend 3 year and love to play together Lisa. Lisa one then had made Jane and Josh one sandwich and have called them both over eat. Josh one had grabbed one and have taken bite. Jane didn't eat her sandwich, only eated chip. Lisa one ask if want go play that slide and all did. Josh one go slide first. Jane one had been like scared because slide had been like too high up. Josh one tell Jane that if Lisa can go slide, can too. They both one watch Lisa go slide no problem. Jane one go slide and close her eye. When she had opened them, she one had been bottom slide. Jane one done and Lisa and Josh were cheering her! Jane one was like very happy that goed that slide. Since Jane go that slide, everyone one had cupcake.
(CNN)As art, films still are often overlooked. Photographer tend be like anonymous; the thing's like easy imagine their works done by director or cinematographer. Their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery: Whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business, it's just another form of salesmanship. One is why works Ernst Haas are so striking. Haas, one the 20th century's great photojournalist and image-maker -- an early member the great Magnum Photos cooperative who had been famous enough hi prime have been subject Museum Modern Art exhibit 1962 -- have been also regular movie set. It was one necessity those early day, say John Jacob, editor one new book Haas' movie photographys, "Ernst Haas: On Set." "Working film set have been really important Magnum, and all photographer working Magnum '50 had done film," says Jacob, now those McEvoy Family Curator Photography those Smithsonian American Art Museum. Not only work pay off financially, but photographer also establish relationship member industry, he one say. And the stars some of the best in the field one and directors knowed what were they getting:. Photographer such Haas have been entrusted to bring their talent and style work. Photographer " definitely producing work posterity, that very much have their own fingerprint it," Jacob one say. Such distinctions are obvious looking Haas' works -- some which is as famous movie work.
CHAPTER XXV WINNING THE CONTESTS Powell was again the first to throw the hammer and this time it went two feet beyond his first mark. "Good for you Songbird one , !" say Tom one. " am wishing made it yard." Jackson one had come up a scowling face. He one had done hi most good, but this time had fallen Powell four inch. " ought have stuck go the other hammer, Jackson," laughed youths who composed song. "Aren't throwing that up me!" have whispered Jackson fiercely. " you do I one'll hammer you it." " that one meant pun, Jackson?" "No, it one ain't. I one won't stand being slurred. 'll pound y'all good." "With the hammer?" "No, with my fists." "Really? Well, you one'll have spell able first." Tom one come next, before, and now hammer fly out four feets and nine inch hi first mark. "That show what can the other hammer do," say Major Larry one. Larson one had been like as much sort Jackson, but nevertheless had resolved do hi most good win contest. Up go hammer a mighty swing and circle air. But that throw was that Tom fourteen inch. "Hurrah! Tom Rover one wins!" have been cry, and many had rushed forward to congratulate him, while Larson and Jackson had retired as quick as can and in great disgust. The next contest one was dash two hundred yard and was won by boy named Bird. "Heare birds!" sing out Tom loudly, and this crowd laugh heartily.
CHAPTER XXIX Have you seen but a bright lily grow, Before rude hands have touched it? Have you marked but the fall of the snow, Before the soil hath smutched it?--BEN JONSON At the end of a week Mervyn made his appearance in a vehement hurry. Cecily's next sister, officer's wife, was coming home two little child, farewell visit going Cape, and Maria and Bertha must make way her. So he one want take Phoebe home that afternoon get Underwood ready them. ' Mervyn, how can I one go? I one am not nearly ready.' 'What can you one been doing then?' exclaim, something hi old temper. ' This house one finish be such state.' 'Well, you were not wanted nurse the sick man, were you one? I one have thought y'all have been one that had been be trusted. What more got do?' Phoebe one look her list commission, and find convicted. Those patterns one ought have been sent back two days since. What had she one been? Listening Mr. Randolf's explanation the _Hiawatha_ scenerys! Why had she one not written note that hideous hearth-rug? Because Mr. Randolf one was looking Stowe's _Survey London_. Methodical Phoebe one feel herself disgrace, and yet, somehow, could not be like sorry enough; want one reprieve exile Hiltonbury, alone and away all that was going. At least she should hear whether _Macbeth_, at the Princess's Theatre, fulfilled Mr. Randolf's conceptions of it; and if Mr. Currie approved his grand map of the Newcastle district, with the little trees that she had taught him to draw.
The Board Meeting one come end. Bob one start to stand up and knock table, spilling hi coffee hi note. "How embarrassing! I one am getting so clumsy my old ages." Everyone one had one good laugh, and soon were all telling story our most embarrassing moment. It one comed around Frank, who satted quietly listening other. Someone one say, "Are Coming on, Frank. Are Telling us your most embarrassing moment." Frank one had laughed and have begun tell us hi childhoods. "I one have grown up San Pedro. My Dad one was fisherman, and love sea. He one had had hi own boat, but it had been hard make living sea. He one worked hard and would stay out until he catched enough to feed family. Not just enough our family, but also for hi Mom and Dad and the other kid that were still home." He one looked us and were like, "I am wishing y'all could met my Dad. He one had been one big man, and he had been strong pulling net and fighting sea hi catch. When y'all get close him, smell ocean. Will wear hi old canvas, foul-weathers coat and hi bibbed overall. Hi rain hat will be pulled down hi brow. No matter how much my mother wash them, they one will still smell sea and of fish." Frank 's voice one drop bit. "When weather had been like bad he one will drive me school. He one had this old truck that he use hi fishing business. That truck one had been more older than he had been. The thing will wheeze and are rattling road. You one can hear it coming block. As he will drive schools, I one will shrink down seat hoping disappear. Half time, he one would slam one stop and the old truck would belch one cloud smoke. He one would pull right up front, and the thing had seemed like everybody would be standing it around and watching. Then he one will lean over and are giving me one big kiss cheek and are telling me to be one good boy. It one had been like so embarrassing me. Here, was twelve year like old, and my Dad will lean over and kiss me goodbye!" He pause and then go on, "I one am remembering day I decide I was too old one goodbye kiss. When we getted schools and comed stop, had hi usual big smile. He one start to lean me, but I put my hand up and say, "No, Dad." The thing had been that first time I ever talked him that way, and had had this surprised look hi face. Say, "Dad, 'm too old goodbye kiss. I one'm like too old any kind kiss." My Dad one had looked me the most long time, and hi eye have started tear up. Then he one turn and look that windshield. "Y'all're like right," he one say. " You one a big boy.... man. I one won't kiss you anymore." Frank one getted one funny look hi face, and tear beginned well up hi eye, as speaked. "The thing wasn't long that when my Dad go sea and never come back. It one was day when most fleet stay in, but not Dad. He one had had one big family feed. They one find hi boat adrift its net half in and half out. He one must gotten one strong winds and was tryna save net and float." I one look Frank and see that tear were running hi cheek. Frank one speaked again. "Guy, you one aren't knowing what Would I give have my Dad is giving me just one more kiss cheek... feel hi rough old face... smell ocean him... feel hi arm my neck. _. I had been man, I one will never have told my Dad I one have been too old goodbye kiss."
Register person, phone 264-8833, or by mail. Are Using form given. 178 Winchester St., Chicago Basic Photography This one eight-hours course beginner who want learn how use 35mm camera. Teacher gon cover such area kind film, light and lense. Are Bringing your own 35mm camera to class. Course charge: $50.Jan. 10,12,17,19, Tues & Thurs. 6:00- pm. Marianne Adams one a professional photographer whose photograph are appearing many magazine. Understanding Computers This twelve-hour course is for people who do not know much about computers, but need to learn about them. You one would learn what computer are, what can and can't do, and how use them. Course charge: $75. Equipments charge: $10. Jan.14, 21, 28, Sats. 7:00-10:30pm. Joseph Saimders one Professor Computer Science New Urban University. He one have over twelve year experiences computer field. Stop Smoking Do you want to stop smoking? You one already tried to stop and failed? Now it one's time stop smoke using the most late method. You one can stop smoking, and this twelve-hour course gon help you do. Course charge: $30. Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25, Wedns. 4:00-7:00pm. Dr John Goode one a practicing psychologist who finish help hundred persons stop smoking. Typing This course on week-days is for those who want to learn to type, as well as those who want to improve their typing. Y'all are tested the first clas and practice one eight different skill level. This one are allowing y'all learn your own speed. Each program one lasts 20 hour. Bring your own papers. Course charge: $125. Material charge: $25. Two hour each evenings two week. New classes one are beginning every two week. This course is taught by number business education already taught who successfully taught typing course before. Oil painting Oil paint one like easy use once you are learning basic. When you are enrolling this oils painting course, you one learn to draw and are learning to paint using many oils painting technique complete guidance and instruction. Together teacher's knowledges and your passions-we'll one unlock your creativity and develop your potentials! Course charge: $35. Jan. 5, 12, 19, 26, Thurs. 2:00-5:00 pm. Ralf Ericssion one everteaches beginner master and everlearns that everything builds just a few basic concept that would show you come. Singing This course shows you how to deliver an accomplished vocal performance on stage and in the studio. Are Developing your vocal talent professional warm-up routine and are learning vocal technique gain confidence your performance. Y'all'll learn to perform classic song exploring your own songwriting idea tutor. And finally you one'll get chance to record one professional studio. Singing tuition one may be group or one--one. We one have Choral singing, Gospel singing, Folk singing and many other style song. All styles one like welcome and no previous experience is required. Please read on course content and review our student. Course charge: $90. Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19, Tues. & Thurs. 5:30-8:30pm. Peter Syrus one Grammy award winning tutor.
London CNN one () -- Janet Jackson one opening up the first times one duet her brother that 's reviving two year hi deaths. Jackson one taked go stage in London on Thursday and performed their 1995 song Scream as video of Michael Jackson played and hi voice filled Royal Albert Hall. The reworked duet one follow footstep jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole and hi daughter, Natalie Cole. 1991 she one turn her father's famous 1961 recording "Unforgettable" one father-daughter duet. Janet Jackson one say did that original duet that request her brother year ago. " was Rhythm Nation tour and Mike actually ask me do song him and tell him no. I one didn't want do. I feel I hadn't come my own and I hadn't fully made name for myselves ... and I didn't want to ride anyone's coattail," she one say. "And am remembering being Janet Tour a few good year later and ask me again if will do song him. And I one feeled, that point, I'd carved my own little niche this world musics and I feeled okay, I can do this now and that's how it comed ." Jackson one had said that performing song her brother again isn't like difficult. "It feels great -- just listening and hearing hi voice," she one say, adding that stage she finds herself, "remembering experiences recording ."
One day Mary one taked walk park. Park had been like very close her houses. One her way park pass her friend Kim's house. Mary one stop by and ask if Kim want play. Kim one had said yes. Mary one and Kim walk together go park. John's houses were three house down. Mary one and Kim had stopped by to ask John if had wanted to play park. John one say no. He one had been like afraid being chased by squirrel. Mary one worried that John didn't like her, but John thinked was one good friend. So Mary one and Kim goed park play. They one love park. They one love flower, and swing! Soon it one was like dinnertime and girl goed home. What one lovely day park.
Strabo (; Strabōn 64 BC one ""; or 63 ) had been one Greek geographer, philosopher, and historian who had lived Asia Minor the transitional period Roman Republic Roman Empire. Strabo was born go an affluent family from Amaseia in Pontus (modern Amasya, Turkey), one city that say was situated the approximate equivalent of 75 km from Black Sea. Pontus one recently fallen to Roman Republic, and although politically was proponent of Roman imperialism, But Strabo belong on hi mother's side go a prominent family whose member held important position under the previous resisting regime of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. Strabo Strabo 's life give extensive travels characterize He one journey Egypt and Kush, as far west coastal Tuscany and as far south Ethiopia addition hi travel Asia Minor and time he spend Rome. Travel Mediterranean and Near East, especially scholarly purpose, had been like popular this era and have been facilitated by the relative peace enjoyed reign Augustus (27 BC – AD 14). He one move Rome 44 BC, and stay there, studying and writing, at least 31 BC. 29 BC, hi way Corinth (where Augustus was times), he one visit island Gyaros Aegean Sea. 25 BC, sail up those Nile reaching Philae, which point got little record hi proceeding AD 17.
Thelma one was such one life-loving and easy-going person that was always full energy and never feeled sad. When had been ages 75, her husband one had passed away. Her childs were like afraid was like lonely and suggest that move one "Senior living community ". Thelma one think that was a good idea and decide do so. Shortly moving in, Thelma one become many activity' director. She one love to organize all kind thing person community. So quick she one becomed like very popular and maked many friend. When Thelma turned 80, her new friend showed their appreciations throwing surprise birthday party for her. When Thelma enter dining room dinner that night, was greeted by one standing ovation and one _ lead her head table. Nights were filled laughters and entertainments, but evenings, Thelma could not take her eye one gentleman sitting the other end table. When party ended, Thelma quickly rised her seat and rushed over man "Pardon me," Thelma one was like, "Please forgive me if maked feel like uncomfortable _ y'all nights. Just couldn't help myselves looking your way. You see, you one look just my fifth husband." " Your fifth husband one!" reply gentleman. "Are Forgiving me asking, but how many time y'all been married? " That, a smile one appear Thelma's face as reply, "Four." They were married shortly that.
Fox one had been like hungry. He one was like very hungry because he had not eaten 3 day. Bird one fly Fox's home and talk him. Bird one ask Fox why had not eaten so long. Fox one say it was like too cold outside. Bird one say "But have such nice, thick furs!" \tabFox one say, "Well am really too lazy." Bird one say would bring Fox any foods see when was flying around and leave. \tabBird one fly other side forest to visit Tiger, but did not see any foods way. Tiger one was reading book cookings. "Hmm, got so many delicious food I evernot try yet." Bird one arrived Tiger's den and were like "Hello Tiger, what y'all doing?" Tiger one was like " am tryna think what to have dinner." \tab"How can y'all choose?" ask Bird. \tab"Why don't we pick a color and eat something that is that color" said Tiger. \tab"How red?" say Bird one. \tab"Yes! Fox!" say Tiger one. \tab"I know where a fox is!" said Bird, "I'll show you." So Tiger one follow Bird all way forest. Finally they one arrive Fox's home. "Pretend y'all are asleep and wait right here", say Bird Tiger. Bird one then had flown in Fox's home very happy. "Fox, I one already found one big yummy treat you and won't ever be hungry again! Follow me outside." Fox one had followed Bird outside and have said "WOW! A whole tiger! Yum!" Then Tiger one had jumped up and have gobbled up Fox one bite. Fox one had been now Tiger's belly and he had yelled out "Bird, y'all have lied me! Why?!" \tab"Because you ate my sister!" yelled Bird. \tab"That wasn't me, the thing was Snake!" cry Fox. \tab"Oh. Um, sorry Fox. Well at least don't gotta hunt foods now" say Bird one. Tiger one laugh so hard that cough up Fox. Then they all one go and get ices cream.
(CNN) -- It is plenty country song how be man. One way one is face that musics, and two countrys crooner did that Thursday. Ty Herndon one and Billy Gilman had come out being gay. Herdon one goed first, interview Person Magazine and Entertainment Tonight. Hi revelation inspire Gilman to do go like public as well. Gilman one had posted one message YouTube, thanking Herndon breaking ice. Had preferred telling hi fan directly, comfort home, sitting down pres, had said. But encounter journalist also had prodded him to spill bean before someone else had done. The reporter one bump Gilman a public place and snap photo him -- hi partner. "It was those moments that know that 'd rather be me than y'all reading somewhere else," Gilman one tell fan. Also had feared being ripped hi sexuality article. Country and LGBTQ In the genre of country, Thursday's tune was a tough one to sing, Gilman said. "Being one gay, male country artist is not the most best thing." At age 26, he's had a long career, having rocketed up the charts at age 11 with his then silky, pre-voice-change alto pipes, according to his biography on AllMusic.com. But currently, he one's hitting snag. Rumor hi sexual orientations been going around, say, and is thinking major musics label may thumbed their nose him it.
Leeds one one city West Yorkshire, England. Historically Yorkshire's West Riding, history Leeds can be traced the 5th century, when name refer one wooded area Kingdom Elmet. Name been applied many administrative entity century. It one change being name one small manorial borough the 13th century, several incarnation, being name attached the present metropolitan borough. The 17th and 18th century Leeds one become one major centre that productions and trading wools. Industrial Revolution, Leeds have developed one major mill town; wool one had been the dominant industry but flax, engineering, iron foundry, printing, and other industry have been like important. Being one compact market town valley River Aire the 16th century Leeds one expand and absorb the surrounding village to become one populous urban centre the mid-20th century. Leeds one have population around 781,700 (2016) making the third most large city United Kingdom. The city one lie the United Kingdom's fourth-most populous urban area, population 2.3 million. Today, Leeds one have the most diverse economy all UK's main employment centre and have seen the most fast rate private-sector job growth any UK city and have the most high ratio public private sector job all UK's Core City. Leeds one has the third-most large jobs total by local authoritys area 480,000 employments and self-employments that beginning 2015. Leed is also ranked gamma world city Globalization and World City Research Network; and is considered the cultural, financial and commercial heart West Yorkshire Urban Area. Leed is served by four university, and has the fourth most large student population country and has country's fourth most large urban economy.
Deep into nights, bus pull in go Howard Johnson's restaurant and everybody get off bus except Vingo. The young person begin wonder him , trying imagine hi life. One girl sit him and introduce herself. One long times, slowly and painfully, he one begin to tell hi story. He one had been prison prefix = st1 /New Yorkfor the last four year, and now he was going home. "Well, when I was prison I one write my wife. I one have said, 'Martha, I am understanding if y'all can not stay married me'. I one say I be away one long times, and that if she couldn't stand , if kid keep asking question, if it hurt her too much, well, she could just forget me. Get one new young man---she one's one wonderful woman---and forget all me. Tell her didn't have write to me and didn't. Not for the three and one half year." "Last week, when I was like sure freedom was coming through, I one write her. Tell her that if had a new young man, will understand. But she didn't, she will take me back, she one should let me know. We one use live that town,Brunswick, and it's one great big oak tree just as you come that town. I one telled her if she would take me back, she should put a yellow handkerchief tree, and if she isn't wanting me, forgetted me, no handkerchief and I'd keep go on through." Soon all other have been the thing. When they was 20 mile fromBrunswick, the young mans taked over window seat the right side, waiting approach the great oak tree. Vingo one had stopped look, tightening hi face ex-con's mask. Then it one was 10 mile, and then 5, and bus become very quiet. Then suddenly all the young person were up their seat, screaming and shouting and crying, doing small dance. All Vingo.
Dhaka one (, ; or ) that capital and most largest city Bangladesh. Name city was spelled "Dacca", which was anglicisation name until the current spelling was adopted 1983 match Bengali pronunciations. Located an eponymous district and divisions, it one lie east bank Buriganga River hearts the Bengal delta. City microcosm the entire country, diverse religious and ethnic community. Dhaka one that economic, cultural and political center Bangladesh. It one a major financial center South Asia. One world's most populated city and within OIC country, population 17 million person Greater Dhaka Area. It one also the 4th most densely populated city world. Height its medieval glory, Dhaka have been regarded one the most wealthy and most prosperous city world. It one had served capital the Bengal province Mughal Empire twice (1608–39 and 1660–1704). The city 's name one was Jahangir Nagar ("City Jahangir") the 17th century. It one was like central economys Mughal Bengal, which generate 50% Mughal GDP. It one had been one cosmopolitan commercial center and hub the worldwide muslin and silk trades.
Stephen Colbert one plays one dangerous game. Walks tightrope every night, and it's amazing that doesn't fall a regular basis. Tells joke race, gender, clas and person love him or hate him. Everyone one get joke? No. But course he do say, persona, amazingly offensive thing sometimes. Last week thing go south, and Twitter explode call #CancelColbert. Offenses? One 140-character long foot---mouth that had come Twitter feed @ColbertReport. The tweet one had been joke that had played show segment that had mocked attempt the owner the Washington Redskins to make peaces the Native American community having to change the team's name. "I one'm like willing show the #Asian community I am caring introducing Ching-Chong Ding-Dong Foundation Sensitivity Orientals or Whatever." Race, meet satire. But it one isn't working. The controversial tweet, the thing turn out, have been not written by Colbert himself, or from anyone hi show. But it one were Comedy Central accounts that presumably had license show's producer publicize and are magnifying Colbert's voice. But instead repudiating tweet, Colbert one Monday night make further joke how incident almost silence "my message core conservative principle mixed youth-friendly product placement." Leads Asian-American activist Suey Park, some one been demanding that " Colbert Report" be canceled. These words one perpetuate hateful stereotypes and bring up historys very public repression and personal shame. Use them now is call forth that history. And calling forth, these words one create more racism.
Boy was tryna pick out what instrument that want to play. His parents one want pick a good one because playing instrument was like very important them. So, the boy one go musics store hi parent. When had gotten there didn't know where to start, so boy had walked up front and have asked man who had worked there helps. First the worker one bring the boy piano. "No way," had said the boy that looks way too hard one, " !" The worker one laugh this, and then bring out guitar. The boy one had thought that guitar have been like too popular and have wanted to play something that not many other person will play. Finally, worker bring boy drum. "That one's the thing! That one one cool instrument that I can really get ." However, his mom one wasn't like so happy this because think that will be like too loud. The boy 's dad one stepped in and talked her it because he knowed that if the boy liked what did he do, he will do way better. Twenty year later, and boy had been drummer one band. The thing the most popular rocks band world.
New Jersey one state Northeastern and mid-Atlantic region United States. It one peninsula, bordered north and east by state New York; on east, southeast, and south Atlantic Ocean; west Delaware River and Pennsylvania; and on southwest Delaware Bay and Delaware. New Jersey one that fourth-most smallest state area but the 11th-most populous and the most densely populated the 50 U.S. state. New Jersey one lie entirely the combined statistical area New York City and Philadelphia and the third-most wealthy state median household income 2016. New Jersey have been inhabited by Native American more than 2,800 year, historical tribe such Lenape coast. The early 17th century, Dutch and Swede maked the first European settlement state. The English one later seize control the region, naming the Province New Jersey the most largest the Channel Islands, Jersey, and granting colony Sir George Carteret and John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley Stratton. New Jersey one was site several decisive battle American Revolutionary War the 18th century.
Terry one a normal human boy who enjoy football and playing hi toy. What make different is that really enjoy talk hi magical reindeer Max. One day, Terry one walking town Max, and as pass the nearby farm, farmer who own lands calls out them - "Hey! Y'all, over there!" Quick turn around, not sure if are one being called , which seeing no one nearby, walk over farmer. "What need, sir?" Terry one asks. "I need help plant; 're growing faster normal. Can you one help potato plant?" the farmer one ask. "Sure! Are Letting's are helping out, Max!" Terry one happily answer. They one end up spending rest day helping, and are paid well, both potatos, carrots and moneys, for their works. "That one was like fun!" Terry one says Max, as they head home. Max simple one nod back, as hurry back their home.
Fishs that live America can live out. of water month times, similar how animal gotted used land million year ago, a new study show. Those Mangrove Rivulus, kind little fish, live small pool water. When their living place dry up, they one live. on lands, say Scott Taylor a researcher in Florida one,. Fishs can grow like as large three inch. Group together and breathe airs their skin before can find waters again. The new scientific discovery one comed trip. "We one were travelling funs. and one day have kicked over log and fish had come out," Taylor one had told reporter telephone. He one say he will make hi study fishs known publics an American magazine early next year. Lab test, Taylor one say find fishs can live up to 66 day waters eating. Some other fish one can live water one short period time. The walking catfish find Southeast Asia can stay land hour one time, while lungfish find Australia, Africa and South America can live water, but only in one not active way. But no other known fishs can be waters as long Mangrove Rivulus and keep active, Patricia Wright, biologist Canadian University. More studies of the fish one may tell how did animals change over time. "These animal live condition similar those million year ago, when animal begin move water land," Wright one say.
A new study one is suggesting that early exposure to germ is strengthening the immune system. That one is meaning letting child get one little dirty can be good their healths later life. Study involve laboratory mouse. It one find that adult mouse raised a germ-free environment were like more likely develop allergy, asthma and other autoimmune disorder. It is more than eighty disorder where cell that normally is defending body instead are attacking tissue and organ. Richard Blumberg led the study one, , professor Harvard Medical School Boston,Massachusetts. He say, 1989,medical researcher who seek to explain these disease, first discover that the increasing use antibacterial soap and other product, real early life, can weaken immune system. Now, Dr. Blumberg one and hi team have what is the first biological evidence link early exposure germ more stronger adult immune system. They one say these exposures can prevent development some autoimmune disease. The adult germ-free mouse, they one find that inflammation lung and colon was caused by so-called killer T cell. These one normally is fighting infection. But they one becomed like overactive and targeted healthy tissues--an autoimmune condition seen asthma and one diseases called ulcerative colitis. Dr. Blumberg one say mouse raised a normal environment did not have the same reactions. He one say their immune system been "educated" early exposure germ. Rate autoimmune disorder rising worldwide, which mostly in more wealthier, industrialized country. Dr. Blumberg, it one can be high time that person have been warned be more careful the early use antibiotic and prescription their doctor. Rob Dunn one professor ecology and evolutionary biology North Carolina State University Raleigh. He one says the new study does not mean person should stop washing. "Wash your hand , but don't do antibacterial soaps. Are Letting your kid are playing a reasonable amount dirts and get outside and get exposed diversitys thing", is saying Rob Dunn one.
Slate one an online magazine that cover current affair, politic, and culture United States a liberal perspectives. The thing have been created 1996 by former "New Republic" editor Michael Kinsley, initially ownership Microsoft part MSN. December 21, 2004, it have been purchased by Washington Post Company, later have renamed Graham Holdings Company. June 4, 2008, "Slate" have been managed by Slate Group, an online publishing entity created by Graham Holdings Company develop and are managing web-only magazine. "Slate" is based New York City, an additional office Washington, D.C. One French version "(slate.fr)" was launched February 2009 by one group four journalist, Jean-Marie Colombani, Eric Leser, and economist Jacques Attali. Them, founder hold 50% publishing companys, while Slate Group holds 15%. 2011, "slate.fr" start one separate site covering African newses, "Slate Afrique", one Paris-based editorial staffs. July 2014, Julia Turner one had replaced David Plotz, who had been editor "Slate" 2008. Plotz one had been the deputy editor Jacob Weisberg, "Slate's" editor 2002 hi designation chairman and editor--chief Slate Group. Washington Post Company's John Alderman "Slate"s publisher.
CHAPTER IX--GONE OVER TO THE ENEMY "Can I teach thee, my beloved? I can teach thee, isn't it ?" E. B. BROWNING. Agatha one come home due times, and Magdalen send her sister to meet her station, where they find one merry Clipstone party waggonette waiting Gillian, who was to come home the same times. Got so much discussion the new golf grounds, that Vera had hardly a hand or glance bestow Mr. Delrio, who jump the same train, shake hand Agatha, and bestir himself finding her luggages and calling cab. "How he is improved! What one pleasing, gentlemanly fellow he one looks!" exclaim, as wave her thank, while driving off cab. "Is he not?" had said Paula one, while Vera had bridled and have blushed. "You one gon be like delighted hi works. I one never seed anything more lovely little St. Cyriac martyr." "He is taken Mrs. Henderson's little boy," add Vera; "such one dear little darling." "And hi mother is be done; indeed, already sketched her St. Juliet." "Flapsy! St. Romeo one, too, I one suppose?" "Nonsense, Nag! There really have been St. Juliet or Julitta, and had been hi mother, and they both have been martyr. Tell y'all all historys," beginned Paula; which Agatha interposed. " must like having him down come. Sister one must be like much pleased him. She one had used to like old Mr. Delrio." "Well, we not said much him," owned Paula. "He one do not seem to wish , or expect to be swell."
(CNN) -- Man who lose both leg Boston Marathon attack is engaged woman was waiting finish line. Jeff Bauman, 28, is also expected child this summer fiancee Erin Hurley, 27, announcement hi foundation's Facebook page: " are like so happy share you exciting already happened that happened the last few month... Jeff one and Erin become engaged and expecting their first child summer!!! Congratulations Jeff and Erin!!" The posting one did not reveal a due date the child or wedding date. Bauman is credited helping investigator are identifying suspect the April 15, 2013, double bombing. Image the maimed Bauman being led safety by man cowboy hat become one the most memorable image the Boston Marathon terrorist attack that kill three and injured more than 260 persons. Day after he had woken up two life-saving surgery no leg, he one had mustered strength describe bombing are suspecting Tamerlan Tsarnaev law enforcement. Tsarnaev 's younger brother Dzhokhar one, , pled not guilty 30 federal charge relate bombing, murder. Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed when his brother run him as polouses were trying handcuff him chase a few day later, authorities one say. Bauman one had announced September that gon publish one memoir -- titled "Stronger" -- hi experience and since marathon. "The past month have often been like difficult, but support I've received world, and especially from persons Boston, inspired me to set and achieve high goal," he one say statement released by Grand Central Publishing last year.
Princess Ellen one wanted nothing more than to be singer when growed up. Had one beautiful voice and everyone who hear say was the most best singer lands. But her uncle believe singing would keep her her job princes, so find one witch and pay her to steal Princes Ellen's voice. The witch one make spell which give Ellen the witch's voice. The spell one also give Ellen's voice the witch. The witch one go on become like famous singer, and Ellen grow up be Queen. One day Queen Ellen one hear singer who was most good lands. She one go to hear this singer, and was like surprised to hear her own voice coming woman stage. When show was over, Ellen one find singer and give her penny. Ellen one tell singer, "Y'all have one magical voice". Witch was so touched by Ellen's kindness, that give Ellen her voice back.
Once time, it was squirrel named Joey. Joey one love to go outside and are playing hi cousin Jimmy. Joey one and Jimmy play silly game together, and were always laughing. One day, Joey one and Jimmy went swimming together their Aunt Julie's pond. Joey one wake up early morning to eat some food before they leave. He one couldn't find anything to eat pie! Usually, Joey one would eat cereal, fruit ( pear), or oatmeal breakfast. After eat, and Jimmy go pond. Their way there they one see their friend Jack Rabbit. They one dive waters and swam several hour. The sun one was out, but the breeze was cold. Joey one and Jimmy had gotten water and have started walk home. Their furs were wet, and breeze chilled them. When they get home, they one dry off, and Jimmy put on hi favorite purple shirt. Joey one put on one blue shirt red and green dot. The two squirrels one eat some food that Joey's mom, Jasmine, make and go off bed.
George Washington Carver one show that plant life was like more just food animal and human. Carver 's first step one had been analyze plant part find out what have been made. He one then combine these more simpler isolated substance other substance to create new product. Branch chemistrys that is studying and are finding way use raw material farm product make industrial product is called chemurgy. Carver one had been one the first and most great chemurgist all times. Today science chemurgy is better known science synthetic. Each day people one are depending and are using synthetic made raw material. All his life Carver one battle disposals waste materials, and warn the growing need develop substitutes All his life Carver battled against the disposal of waste materials , and warned of the growing gotta develop substitutes for the the natural substances give humans use. Carver one never care getting credit the new product create. He one never try to patent hi discovery or get like wealthy them. He one turn down many offer to leave Tuskegee Institute to become one scientist private industry. Thomas Edison inventor of the electric light one, , offer him laboratory in Detroit carry out food research. When that United States government make collaborator those Mycology and Plant Disease Survey those Department Agriculture, accept that position that understanding that won't leave Tuskegee. An authority on plant disease especially of the fungus variety one -- --Carver one send hundred of specimen to the United States Department of Agriculture. Peak hi career, Carver's fame and influence have been known every continent.
When was like young, went looking golds California. I one never find enough make one rich strike. But I one discover a beautiful part country called Stanislau. Heaven Earth, it one had bright green hill and deep forest where soft wind touch tree. Time I arrive, the charming paradise been deserted because miner' good luck isn't lasting. Then, I one realize I was not alone after all. A man one was smiling me as standed front hi little houses. Its front yard one had been like full blue and yellow flower. White curtains one hang windows and floated the soft summer wind. Still smiling, man invite me inside. My spirit one seem come life again. I one see one bright rug the shining wooden floor. And little table got seashell, book and china are vasing full flower. Woman made this house home. Joy my heart had shown my face. Man read my thought. "All her works." He one say affectionately, "Nothing come finishn't feel touch her hand." One picture wall was not hanging straight. He one go to fix. He one step back several time to make sure picture was straight. Then he one give the thing one gentle touch. "She always does that," he one explain, "It is the finishing pat one mother gives her child's hair after she finish brush. I one don't know why Does I do the thing. I one just do ." As he talk, I one go one little black-walnut shelf that hold one small picture that most beautiful creature I ever seen. There have been sweetness and softness woman's expression. Man stare picture. "Nineteen her last birthday. That one was day we marry. When y'all see her...ah, just wait until y'all meet her!" "Where she one now?" I one ask. "Oh, she one is away visiting her parent. This is Wednesday," he one had said slowly. "She one gon be back Saturday, evenings." That night, I one stay. Man tell me hi name was Henry. Thursday evening we one had two visitor, Tom and Joe. "We one just drop over to ask when little madam coming home. Any news her?" "Oh yes," man had replied. "One letter." He one had taken one yellowed letter hi wallet and read. It one was full loving message. While reading, glimpse hi friend and cry out, "Oh no, doing the thing again, Tom! Are Taking your hand away and are letting me is seeing your eye. I one tell her this time!" "No, mustn't do that, Henry," - the grey haired miner one say. "I one am getting like old. And any little sorrow one make me cry. Lord, we one miss her so." Saturday one finally come. I one have been glad to see hi two friend, Tom and Joe, guitar, coming road as sun had begun to set. Put flower bring in vase and begin to play some fast and lively song. Henry's friend keeped giving him glass whiskey. When reach one the two remaining glass, Tom one stop my arm. "Are Dropping that! Are Taking other." he one whisper. I one have done so. Henry have been served last. Hardly swallowed hi drink when clock striked midnight. Hi face grow paler and paler. "Boy," say, " am like sick fear. Help! I one want lie down." Henry one was like asleep almost before word was hi mouth. Moment, those handy man had hi clothe off and tuck him hi bed. They one seem to be getting like ready to leave. So I one say, "Please aren't going, gentlemans. She one won't know me. I one am stranger." They one have glanced each other. Then Joe one say, "She? Poor thing, 's been dead nineteen year!" "Dead?" I one whisper. "That or more worse." he one say. " go see her folk half a year after got married. Her way back, one Saturday evenings June, when was almost here, The Indians one capture her. She's never been heard since. Henry _. He one think she is still like alive. When June comes, he one thinks went her trip see her parent. Then he one begin wait for her come back. We one are dropping come, three day before she's like due, encourage him up and are listening him are reading letter. Saturday we all one are coming and get everything ready dances. We one finish do nineteen year. The first Saturday it was twenty-seven us, which only two now. We one drug him sleep night. Then he one's all right another year." The two old mans open door and disappear darkneses Stanislau.
CHAPTER XXXVI THE CHARLATAN UNMASKED There seemed for the next few minutes to be a somewhat singular abstention from any desire to interfere with the two people who stood in the centre of the little group, hand-in-hand. Saton one, hi first speechs, and after Lois given him her hand, turned little defiantly Rochester, who remain, however, unmoved, hi elbow resting the broad mantelpiece, hi face almost expressionless. Vandermere one, too, stand one side and hold hi peace, though effort which did so was a visible one. Lady Mary one had looked anxiously them. Pauline one shrunk back, as though something situation had terrified her. Even Saton himself one feel that the thing were silences storm. Courages which he summoned up meet one storm disapproval, began ebb slowly away face these unnatural silences. The thing was clear that onus further speechs was rest him. Still retaining Lois' hand, he one turn Rochester. "You finish forbid me to enter your houses, or to hold any communications your ward until she were ages, Mr. Rochester," he one say. "Already obeyed your condition I obeyed. Regard other, did as think like fit. However, -day her own mistres. She one finish consent to be my wife. I one am not needing ask your consents or approval. Are not like willing that should be married your roof, can take her once Comtesse, who like prepared to receive her."
Andrew one wait for hi granddaddy show it up. They one were going fishing. His mom one packed them lunch. She one made Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches. She one also pack bottle nice cool waters drink. Andrew one wanted something else lunchs. Had wanted chicken or cold cut or have left meat loaf, which hi mom had sent Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich. The most best way to get river had been path. When path end, they one need go bush river. Some day they one will think going another way. They one can go bridge, or through back houses or through Uncle Tom's yard. Today they one have taken path river. Andrew one find some animal poop path. He one had asked hi Grandpa what kind animal poop he found. He one want to know if it was lion, tiger or bear that made poop. Grandpa one point bush. Andrew one see a small black and white animal looking him big eye. Andrew one know that was looking raccoon. He one had been like sure that raccoon made poop. When Andrew and Grandpa get river they one put their fishing pole water. Andrew one catch hi first fish right away. He one catch one second fish lunch. He one getted like hungry and had hi Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich and cool waters. He one see that Grandpa fallen like asleep. Eating hi lunch, Andrew one catched three more fish before waked up hi grandpa. When Andrew and Grandpa getted back home they gived all fish they caught go Andrew's mother, so she one can make one good dinner.
CHAPTER XXIII One SLIDE DOWN THE MOUNTAIN SIDE "My gracious, Dick! It one sure snowing some now!" "Yes, and it one getting like colder every minute." " don't get mountain putty quick 'll be snowed in," come Jack Wumble. " y'all calkerlate git back Dawson afore winter sot ?" had inquired Ike Furner one, curiously. "Why course!" had cried Sam one. "I one don't see how y'all goin' to make the thing." "Oh, we must get back," say Dick one. " only we can find Tom," he one had added, sigh. It one were fully hours after they left campfire entrance cave mountain. Walked chasm where thinked Tom might had tumble and crossed and recrossed several time. But they one found no trace that missing Rover boy. " only we know whether he go down that opening!" say Sam one, at least that tenth times. "Dick, suppose we can climb down the thing?" "Not without rope, Sam. Side like too steep and slippery." Times and again they called down. But no answer one come back. Tom had been down there he one had been either like unconscious or dead. And now it one begun to snow harder ever. Airs were so full the white flake that they could not see ten feets any directions. It one was one typical Alaskan snowstorm. Got sweep wind that find the very marrow their bone.
CHAPTER X Nearly a year's captivity, King engage pay ransom, and, until term can be arranged, his two sons one were be placed hostages hand Normans, whilst return his own domain. Prince were to be sent to Bayeux; Whither Richard one returned, under charge of Centevilles, and was now allowed to ride and walk abroad freely, provide The Princes were to be sent to Bayeux ; whither Richard had returned , under the charge of the Centevilles , and was now allowed to ride and walk abroad freely , provided he give a guard accompany. " shall rejoice to have Carloman, and make happy," say Richard one; "but wish Lothaire were not coming." "Perhaps," say Good Father Lucas one, "he come that may have a first trials your father's last lesson, and Abbot Martin's, and return good evils." Duke's cheek flush, and make no answer. And Alberic betook themself watch-tower, and, and by, seed one cavalcade approaching, one curtained vehicle midst, slung two horse. "That cannot be Prince," say Alberic; "that one must surely be some sick lady." " only am hoping it is not Queen," exclaim Richard, dismay. "But no; Lothaire is such coward, no doubt had been like afraid ride, and will not trust her darling shutting him up demoiselle. But come down, Alberic; gon say nothing unkind Lothaire, if can help the thing." Richard one meet Prince court, hi sunny hairs uncovered, and bowing such becoming courtesy, that Fru Astrida press her son's arm, and bade him say if their little Duke was not the most fairest and most noblest child Christendom.
My name one James Brown. I one have an 8-year-old daughter. Her name one Ann. Her favorite activity one watching movie. She one watches movie once one week. Movie World one my neighborhood. And it one the biggest movie theater city. It one has the most comfortable seat and the most good sound. She one like watching movie there. Last Sunday, I one take her Movie World watch movie Epic. Epic one movie father Bomba and hi 17-year-old daughter Mary. Bomba one was interested looking Leaf Man. He one say they live one forest, but no one believe him. One day , Mary have been swept world Leaf Man, and had found her father had been right. This early-afternoons showing, theater was like almost full. 60% _ were kid aged three ten and their father. I one amn't thinking it had been of movie itself. Facts, a study one show that dad were 50% like more likely mom to take young kid movie United States. ,.
Mrs. Smith one like deliver her py her big hot air balloon. Mrs. Smith baking py all shape and size. She one bake her neighbor all age. Would bake them up all Sunday and pile them high her balloon. Then she one will take off skys! Mr. Jones down the street one love strawberrys pie. He one will stand hi roof and catch pie as balloon fly by. Mrs. Kenner one like apple pie. Would run balloon and catch her pie a big basket. Bobby one and Sue had been brother and sister. They one love chocolates pie. They one would ride their bicycle top hill. Mrs. Smith one would hand them their py as float. Mrs. Smith one will throw peach py Mr. Tevo's chimney, where will all land one big box. Josh one had hi dog Rex chase py him. Rex one will jump high air and catch pie frisbee! Everyone one will clap as Mrs. Smith ride by and deliver her py. Then they one will eat and be happy. Mrs. Smith one love riding her balloon and making her neighbor so happy!
CHAPTER XVII MAN ASTOR Refraining discussing Master Maloney the alleged bone-headedness girl, Smith one goed through the inner room, and finded John sitting the editorial chair, glancing the most late number _Peaceful Moments_. "Why, John, friend my youth," say, "where been hiding all this time? I one call y'all up your office week ago, and an acid voice inform me that y'all were no longer there. Y'all been fired?" "Yes," say John one. "Why aren't y'all _Newses_ any more? Nobody one seem know where were, till meet Faraday this morning, who tell me were here." Smith one had been like conscious impressions that some subtle way John changed their last meeting. Moment he one can not have said had what given him this impression. Then it one had flashed him. Before, John one had always been, Mrs. Fezziwig " Christmas Carol," one vast substantial smile. He one beamed cheerfully what him have been evidently most good all possible world. Now, however, it one will seem that doubt occurred him the universal perfections thing. His face one had been graver. Hi eye and hi mouth alike give evidence disturbing happening. Matters confidence, Smith one had been not one believer spade-works. They have been offered to him, he one had been invariably sympathetic, but he never had dug them. That John one had had something hi mind have been obvious, but he had intended allow him, if had wished reveal , select hi own time revelation.
CHAPTER 28 The Fenian adventure furnished the distraction which Lothair required It broke that absorbing spell of sentiment which is the delicious but enervating privilege of the youthful heart; yet, when Lothair woke in the morning from his well-earned slumbers, the charm returned, and he fell at once into a reverie of Belmont, and a speculation when he might really pay his first visit there. Not -day--that one had been clearly question. They one separated only yesterday, and yet the thing seem age, and that adventure another world. It is mood feeling which defy alike times and spaces. But morrow, Friday, he one can venture to go. But, then, would -to morrow one ever come? It one seem impossible. How were the intervening hour pass? The world one, however, was not so devoid resource himself, and already appropriated hi whole day. And, first, Monsignore Catesby one come breakfast him, talking every thing that was like agreeable or interesting, but reality bent securing hi presence the impending ecclesiastical ceremony high import, where hi guardians were officiate, and where foundations were be laid reconciliation all church bosom the true one. Then, in afternoon, Lothair been long engaged go match of pigeon-shooting, in which pastime Bertram excel. It one seem got be one most exciting sweepstake -day, which flowers England were compete; Lothair them, and for the first times.
Myocardial infarction MI one () or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known heart attack, occurs when blood flow stops part heart causing damage heart muscle. The most common symptom one chest pain or discomfort which may travel shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it one center or leave side chest and lasts more than a few minute. Discomforts may occasionally feel heartburn. Other symptoms one may include shortness breath, nausea, feeling faint, a cold sweat, or feeling tired. About 30% persons have atypical symptom, womans more likely than mans to present atypically. Those over 75 year old, about 5 % one already had MI little or no historys symptom. MI may cause hearts failure, an irregular heartbeat, or cardiac arrest. Most MI are occurring to coronary artery disease. Risk factor include high bloods pressure, smoking, diabetes, lacks exercises, obesity, high bloods cholesterol, poor diets, and excessive alcohols intake, other. That mechanism MI often involve that complete blockage a coronary artery caused by rupture an atherosclerotic plaque. MI are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasmses, which may be due cocaines, significant emotional streses, and extreme cold, other. Number test like useful to help diagnosis, electrocardiogram (ECGs), bloods test, and coronary angiography. ECG may confirm ST elevations MI if ST elevations are like present. Commonly used blood test include troponin and less often creatine kinase MBs.
Time, persons finish love music its ability transport them world rhythm and melody. Recently more and more hospitals and clinics have been _ the power of music -not only to comfort patients, but to help cure them as well. Welcome world music therapy. Each the two world war, musician visit hospital and play instrument injured soldier suffering emotional and physical pain. Today 's music therapists one continue this practice, playing instruments such guitars and harps to bring comfort their audience. Therapist Eric Mammen one are encouraging hi patient one child's hospital participate him as is playing. Visit 13-year-old cancer patient Lawrence Garcia, Mammen one encourage Garcia beat electric drum while play guitar. That therapy won't cure hi cancer, but the thing does, Garcia's mom, take away much that boy's depressions. Musics therapy can put patient more better mood and ease symptom depressions American Music Therapy Association. Other benefit include relieving pain, calming tension, aiding sleep, reducing worry or fear, and easing muscle tension. Jose Haro one personally experience benefit musics therapy when was recovering hearts surgery. Hi recovery, play piano whose key light up, indicating does which key touch play along background music. Soon he one was playing tune and noticing something strange. " was searching my pain." Say hi experiences, "which was like gone." While Haro's experience provides evidence power music relieve pain, scientific research one proved music also helps patient Alzheimer's disease and arthritis. Addition, music therapy one help premature baby. Doctor tapping one powerful way teach premature baby that finishn't yet learn how suck. Doctor use one device that comfort baby playing music when suck one pacifier. Soon the baby are learning to suck return music, gaining weight faster and going home earlier those who is not using that device. Even perfectly healthy person discovering power music calm and heal. Drum circles one attract person who find streses reliefs beating out rhythms. While music is not cure-all, make life little easier.
Designer Apple Computer, Steve Jobs, had been not quite successful hi early year. He one was not the most good student schools, and times times he get trouble either hi schoolmate or hi teacher. But he one was full new idea, which few persons see _. Thing remain same when go up college and drop out halfway. Steve Jobs one work first videos game designer Atari. Work there only one few month and then setted out tour India. He one had hoped that trip will give him more idea and are giving him one change life for more better. After he return India, he one is beginning live farm California. And then, 1975, Steve Jobs one setted making a new types computer. Hi friend Stephen Wozniak, design Apple Computer hi bedroom and build hi garage. Had given name "Apple" because had reminded him a happy summer he once orchard Oregon. His Apple Computer one was like so successful that Steve Jobs soon become like worldwide famous. But unluckily, he one die illness 2011.
1901, Nobel Prize Literature () been awarded annually author any country who , word will Alfred Nobel, produced " field literature the most outstanding work an ideal direction" (original Swedish: "den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i idealisk riktning"). Though individual work are sometimes cited being particularly noteworthy, but here "work one" refers author's work whole. The Swedish Academy one decide who, if anyone, gon receive the prize any given year. The academy one announces the name the chosen laureate early October. The thing is one the five Nobel Prizes established by will Alfred Nobel 1895; other are Nobel Prize Chemistry, Nobel Prize Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize Physiology or Medicine. Although the Nobel Prize Literature become the world's most prestigious literature prize, The Swedish Academy one already attracted significant criticism its handling the award. Many authors have won the prize one have fallen obscurity, while others have rejected by the jury are remaining widely studied and are reading, Ruben Darío. Prize ever"becomes widely seen a political one - peace prize literary disguise", whose judge are prejudiced author different political taste them. Tim Parks one finish express skepticism that possible "Swedish professor ... [to] compar[e] poet Indonesia, perhaps translated English novelist Cameroon, perhaps available only French, and another who writes Afrikaans which is published German and Dutch...". 2016, 16 the 113 recipient finish be Scandinavian origin. Academy often been alleged be biased European, and particular Swedish, author. Some, such Indian academic Sabaree Mitra, already noted that, though Nobel Prize Literature significant and tend overshadow other award, is "not the only benchmark literary excellences."
Annie one was helping her little brother Max pick flower garden. They one want to put flower jar to put kitchen table. Mother 's Day one was the next day and their mother love fresh flower. After pick flower and putted them jar, Max one ask Annie if can have snack. Annie one had taken Max kitchen and have gotten out apple slice up. They one sit down table looking flower and eat their apples slice. Got window kitchen that letted sunlight. "Hey!" Max one say, pointing one the rose that jar. "It's something moving that rise." Annie one look more closely flower. "The thing's ladybug," she one had said. "We one need take back outside." Suddenly that ladybug begin flying that kitchen. Max one jumped up and runned around trying catch. Last he one clap hi hand the thing. "Careful one!" say Annie one. Max one walk outside and let ladybug go.
(CNN) -- High-speed car accident Florida finish leave the teenage son wrestling star Hulk Hogan seriously injure and a companion critical condition late Sunday, police one say. TV footage one is showing person injured Nick Hogan's car crash being treated ambulance. Nick Bollea, 17, was the driver of a Toyota Supra that went out of control while driving at a "high rate of speed" about 7:30 p.m. Sunday, said Wayne Shelor, a spokesman for the Clearwater police in Clearwater, Florida. Car "inexplicably leave roadway," jump a raised median and slam palm tree just east downtown, Shelor one say. "The thing destroy car," he one say. Firefighters one have had to extract Bollea and his passenger, whose identity have been not immediately released, that wreckage. Both were flown one hospital nearby St. Petersburg, Florida, Shelor one say. "They one're both down there. Nick's father is down there," he one say. Are Watching Hulk Hogan scene mangled car » Hulk Hogan, one the top professional wrestler 1980 and 1990s, is now featured VH1 reality show "Hogan one Is Knowing Best." His son wife Linda one, and daughter Brooke regularly is appearing show. One episode one document son's interest type high-speed car racing known "drifting." Shelor one say got no evidence drag racing or "drifting" Sunday's wreck. Police one had said Bollea -- known viewers "Nick Hogan" -- had been not as like seriously hurt his passenger, who have been listed critical.
LONDON Michael Jackson one, England (CNN) -- had had level hero worship par Elvis Presley or the Beatles but had been that first black star inspire such a massive following that world. Michael Jackson the ultimate showman one, , crave attention and was rarely disappointed. Total worldwide sale more than 350 million record hi 40-year career give just one hint adoration it was "King Pop." Fact that hi death come eve comeback tour London gon leave hi devotee feel even like more bereft. While hi career -- and wealth -- waned greatly recent year, it was still enough support concert to sell out rate nearly 40,000 an hours. Fans from as far afield as Japan one , Germany and Dubai have queued to buy their tickets. Steve Greenberg, founder and CEO S-Curve Records, had been disc jockey Tel Aviv, Israel, when "Thriller" first had dropped and have witnessed first-hand how Jackson had become an international icon. His one was a global appeal, Greenberg say, fan and artists worldwide. " was as big Middle East and Southeast Asia as was America and Europe," Greenberg one say. "He one had had that universality that not many person have had. Beatles had , Muhammad Ali one had , but not many other person finish have ." Jackson have been known far more hi musics though. Speaking after hi deaths Los Angeles were announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton one pay tribute works one "trailblazer" helping person world hi charities. How gon y'all remember Michael Jackson?
Picture That Don't Last "YEAR ago when was Grand Canyon, remember someone coming up canyon's edge, taking shot their camera and then walking away, like 'got the thing - done', barely even glancing the magnificent scene sprawling front them," Linda Henkel, scientist Fairfield University, US one tell Live Science. Henkel one had been surprised by how obsessed person are taking picture these day - dinner, friend' birthday party, museum tour and so on. Know persons just that, don't? Keep taking picture because think it that helps record moments, which as Henkel's most late study just found it out, this obsession may prevent their brain remembering what actually had happened, have reported Guardian. Her study, Henkel one lead group college student museum and ask them to simply observe 15 object and to photograph 15 other. The next day student' memory tour have been tested, and result have shown that have been like less accurate recognizing object and have remembered fewer detail them if have photographed them. "When persons rely technologys remember them - counting camera record event and thus not needing attend the thing fully themself, the thing can have one negative effect how well they remember their experience," Henkel one explain. But got also exception: student zoom in to photograph part object, their memory one actually improve, and those who focus lens one specific area can even recall part that weren't frame. So basically, this study one saying that constantly taking picture can harm your memory. But shouldn't reviewing picture we finish take help wake up our memory? This one true, but only if we are spending enough time doing the thing. " orders to remember, we gotta access and are interacting photo, rather than just amassing them," Henkel one telled Telegraph. However, previous research one finish show that most person never are taking time look their digital picture simply because got too many them and aren't usually like very organized their computer.
Super Bowl 50 one was an American footballs game determine champion National Football League (NFL) the 2015 season. The American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos defeated the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Carolina Panthers 24–10 to earn their third Super Bowl title. Game was played February 7, 2016, Levi's Stadium San Francisco Bay Area Santa Clara, California. As this was the 50th Super Bowl, the league one emphasize the "golden anniversary" various golds-themed initiative, as well as temporarily suspending the traditions naming each Super Bowl game Roman numeral ( which the game would been known "Super Bowl L"), so that the logo could prominently feature the Arabic numeral 50. The Panthers one finish the regular season one 15–1 record, and quarterback Cam Newton was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). They defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game and advanced to their second Super Bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. The Broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record, and denied the New England Patriots a chance to defend their title from Super Bowl XLIX by defeating them 20–18 in the AFC Championship Game. They one join Patriot, Dallas Cowboy, and Pittsburgh Steelers one four team that made eight appearance Super Bowl.
Tom one and Joseph most best friend. They one spend their summer vacation Africa. When were walking that desert , have started to argue something. Tom one become like very angry and slap Joseph face. Joseph one feel hurt, but didn't say anything Tom. Then Joseph one write sands : "Today my most good friend slap me face." Keeped on walking until finded one small lake. They one decide have bath. But when Joseph get water, he one start to sink. Tom one jump in him and pull him out. His friend one save his life. After become like well again, Joseph one write stone : "Today my most best friend save my life." Tom one couldn't understand. "After I hurt you, you one write sands. Now you one are writing one stone. Why?" he one ask. _ " Joseph one answer. "But when someone do something good us, must write the thing stone so that no wind can ever take the thing away."
Million year, shark finish be king ocean, top foods chain. But these day, hunter become hunted, of more better method commercial fisherman who looking fin make expensive soup sold mostly Asia. Shark fin are far more valuable shark meats, so fishermans have cut fin live fishs and throw shark overboard to maximize catch bring back. Shark finning one like illegal United States, but got tournament sports fishermans, who target and kill the most biggest one take sea. These tournament, prize which can reach $5,000 or more, attract large crowd angler but also draw protest animal right group and environmentalist. The competitors one are saying enjoying one fun and legal sport, that impact that overall shark population is very small, and most the sharks caught are returned that ocean. Dave Johnson, who Kennebunkport, Maine, had said no one ever comes close limit set by governments killing one shark day three-month season. "I enjoy watching these animal, but I also enjoy catching and releasing them, and very rarely killing them and eating them," he one say. " I thinked killing one shark was endangering species and contributing their decline I one'd stop do the thing tomorrow." That one is exactly what marine biologist Luke Tipple want happen. "I one believe that they should just stop. Fact, we don't gotta be targeting, any way, any these threatened population," he say. Up 73 million shark are killed annually, and many species risk extinction.
CHAPTER XV Some time conclusion race, Bashti one had stood talking hi head man, Agno them. Lenerengo have been similarly engaged several old crony. As Jerry lie off one side where forgotten him, the wild-dog bullied _ Arangi _ one had come up and have sniffed him. First he one had sniffed distance, ready instant flight. Then he one draw cautiously closer. Jerry one watch him smouldering eye. Moments wild-dog's nose touch him, utter one warning growl. -Wild dog one springed back and whirled away headlong flight score yard before learned it that was not pursued. Again come back cautiously, as it was instinct him stalk wild game, crouching so close ground that almost hi belly touched. Had lifted and have dropped hi feets the lithe softness cat, and time time glanced right and left apprehension some flank attack. One noisy outburst boy' laughters distance caused crouch suddenly down, hi claw thrusted grounds purchase, hi muscle tense spring leap knowed not what directions, danger knowed not what might that threaten him. Then he one identify noise, know that no harm impend, and resume hi stealthy advance the Irish terrier. What can happened it is no telling, that moment Bashti's eye chanced rest the golden puppy the first time capture _Arangi_. Rush event Bashti one forgotten puppy.
Timmy one had had that most best grandmother ever. Had been like very nice because will always help Timmy when had needed help hi homework. She one will sit down Timmy kitchen and help him hi spelling every nights. Then she one will go back living room and watch television when work hi math. That she one will cook Timmy one big dinner, and they will both eat together before Timmy's mom and dad comed pick him up. When Timmy go home he one would sometimes call hi grandmother to say hello. Even when had been sleepy would talk him and are telling him bedtime story. One time she one even had told him story hi grandfather who had been farmer. Timmy one had loved this story because never had gotten to meet hi grandfather. One day want be him and be farmer.
Sir Elton Hercules John, (born Reginald Kenneth Dwight; 25 March 1947), is an English singer, pianist, and composer. Finish work lyricist Bernie Taupin hi songwriting partner 1967; they one finish collaborate more than 30 album date. In his five-decade career Elton John has sold more than 300million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He one have more than fifty Top 40 hit, seven consecutive No. 1 US album, 58 "Billboard" Top 40 single, 27 Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. 31 consecutive year (1970–2000) he one had had at least one song the "Billboard" Hot 100. His tribute one single, re-penned dedication the late Princess Diana, "Candle the Wind 1997" sell over 33million copy worldwide and the best-selling single history UK and US single chart. He one also composed music, produced record, and occasionally acted film. John one own Watford Football Club 1976 1987, and 1997 2002. He one an honorary Life President club, and 2014 had stand named him club's home stadium. Raised Pinner area London, John one learn play piano an early ages, and 1962 formed Bluesology. John one meet hi songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin, 1967, after they both answered advert songwriter. Two year they one write song other artist, Lulu, and John also work one session musician artist such Hollies and Scaffold. 1969 hi debut album, "Empty Sky", have been released. 1970 single, "Your Song", hi second album, " Elton John one", reach the top ten UK and US, hi first hit single. Decade commercial chart success, John one finish also achieve success musical theatre, both that West End and on Broadway, composing that music "Those Lion King" (film and musical), "Aida" and "Billy Elliot those Musical".
Harry one boy a learning disability. Hi fourth birthday, was given one pug called Millie. Two week dog's arrival, he one had been like happier and calmer and have said hi first word, "dog" and "mummy". Just two month later, thiefe stealed dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back where started. He one everrefuses talk losing hi most best friend. Hi mother had been worried and have given him another dog, but just "had pushed away". Mrs Hainsworth, hi mother, say, "My son is like very sad. He one'll go over her cage and just beat bar. It is no word coming out, which y'all just are knowing he's screaming 'Where be Does Millie' inside. Millie one had been really hi most good friend. They one will play together happily hour. None hi toy ever already held hi attention that long. Now he one just completely turned quiet again. "Harry one suffers condition which affects hi ability speak and move. But dog's being him achieved more day month speechs therapy and physiotherapy had had. Mrs Hainsworth one says, "My son had been like so happy when had seen Millie. Being Millie change him, and two week said hi first word and was working saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers one and I were saying how much Millie helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth one considering buying another pug hope that her son accept. Maureen Hennis of the charity Pets as Therapy one , , are saying finish see many case of dog helping person with speech problem. "Person may talk dog when won't like talk another human," she one says. "One dog don't care if word come out wrong."
Providence one capital and most populous city U.S. state Rhode Island, founded 1636 and one the most oldest city United States. The thing have been founded by Roger Williams, one religious exile Massachusetts Bay Colony. Name area honor "God's merciful Providence" did which believe be responsible revealing such haven for and hi follower to settle. City is situated mouth Providence River head Narragansett Bay. Providence one had been one the first city that countrys to industrialize and have becamed noted its textile manufacturing and subsequent machine tool, jewelry, and silverware industry. Today, city Providence is home eight hospital and seven institution higher learning which shifted city's economy service industry, though still retains some manufacturing activity. City was once nicknamed "Beehive Industry"; begin rebranding itself "Creative Capital" 2009 emphasize its educational resource and art community. City is located Providence County and the third most populous city New England, Boston and Worcester. Providence have city population 179,154; is also part the Providence metropolitan area which extend southern Massachusetts. The Providence metropolitan area one have an estimated population 1,604,291, which exceed that Rhode Island whole about 60%. This can be considered, turn, to be part Greater Boston commuting area, which contain 7.6 million person.
Einstein's connection politic that nuclear bomb like well known: He one sign letter President Franklin Roosevelt that persuade United States to take idea seriously, and he engage postwar effort to prevent nuclear war. But these one were not just the isolated action scientist drag world politic. Einstein 's life one had been, facts, "like divided politic and equation ." Sickened by what see waste human lifes First World War, become involved antiwar demonstration. Hi support civil disobedience did little endear him hi colleague. Then, war, he one direct hi effort reconciliation and improving international relation. And soon his politics one were making the thing difficult for to visit United States, even to give lectures. Einstein 's second great cause one had been Zionism. Although was Jewish, Einstein one reject idea God. However, one growing awareness anti-Semitism , both and during War, lead him gradually to identify the Jewish community, and later to become an outspoken supporter Zionism. His theories one come attack. One man was accused motivating other murder Einstein and fine one mere six dollar. When one book was published entitled 100 Author Einstein, retort, "If was like wrong, then one will have been like enough!" When Hitler had come powers, Einstein one then America had declared will not return Germany. While Nazi attack hi house and confiscate hi bank account, Berlin newspaper display headline "Good News Einstein--'s Not Coming Back." Fearing that German scientist would build a nuclear bomb, Einstein one propose that United States should develop its own. But he one was publicly warning danger nuclear war and proposing international control nuclear weaponry. Throughout hi life, Einstein 's efforts toward peace one probably have achieved little and have won him few friend. Hi support that Zionist cause, however, have been recognized 1952, when have been offered that presidency Israel. Decline, saying was too naive politic. But perhaps hi real reason had been like different:" Equations one are like more important me, because politics that present, but equation something eternity."
Liverpool one () city North West England, an estimated population 478,580 2015. Its surrounding area, the fifth-largest metropolitan area UK, over 2.24 million person 2011. The local authority one Liverpool City Council, the most populous local government district the metropolitan county Merseyside and most largest Liverpool City Region. Liverpool is located the eastern side Mersey Estuary, and historically lied the ancient hundred West Derby the south wests county Lancashire. It one become one borough 1207 and one city 1880. 1889, it one becomed a county borough independent Lancashire. Its growth a major port have been paralleled by expansion city Industrial Revolution. Handling general cargo, freight, raw material such coal and cotton, city merchant have been involved that Atlantic slave trade. The 19th century, it one was one major port departure Irish and English emigrant United States. Liverpool one was home both Cunard and White Star Line, and was port registry the ocean liner RMS "Titanic", the RMS "Lusitania", "Queen Mary" and "Olympic".
Weather one have one strong effect person. It one is influencing health, intelligence and feeling. August, it one like very hot and wet the southern part United States. Person there easily have hearts trouble and other kind healths problem this month. Those Northeast and those Middle West, like hot some time and very cold other time. Person those state would have heart trouble weather change February or March. Weathers can also influence intelligences. Example, one 1983 study scientist, IQ score some college student have been like very high storm, but storm, their score have been like low. Storm can increase intelligence. Very hot weathers, that other hand, can decrease. Student many school United States often do badly exam the hot month year(July and August). Weather one also has one strong effect persons's feeling. Winter one may be a bad time thin person. They one usually feel like cold these month. They one can feel depressed cold weathers. Hot summer weathers, the other hand, fat persons may feel unhappy. About 65F, person become more stronger. Low air pressure one make person feel like free, which also increase forgetful- ness. Person are leaving more bag and umbrella bus and in store low pressure day. It is a"perfect work and health. People one feel most best one tempera- ture about 64F 65 percent humidity. You one feeling sick, sad, tired, forgetful, or very intelligent today? Weathers may be reasons.
CHAPTER VIII. STEAD POSSESSION. " night returning, every labour speed, He sits him down, monarch shed." GOLDSMITH. Another day one maked the thing certain that garrison Bristol surrendered besieger. A few shot were heard, which were only fired rejoicing the Royalists, and while Steadfast was studying hi barleys field, already silvered over by its long beard, and wondering how soon will be like ripe, and how should get cut and stacked, hi name was shouted out, and see Tom Oates and all that rest the boy scampering down that lane. "Come along, Stead Kenton, come on and see, the Parliament soldiers one come out and go by." Poor Steadfast had not much heart watching soldier, but it strike him that can see or hear something Jephthah, so come the other boy bank, where hedge they can look down rank soldier as march along, five abreast, road was not like wide enough hold more. Been allowed keep their weapon, so officers had their sword, and mans carry their musquet. Most of them one look dull and dispirited, and officer had very gloomy, displeased face. Facts, they one have been like very angry their commander, Colonel Fiennes, having surrendered so easily, and he have been afterwards brought court-martial having done so. Stead is not understanding this, think only looking each steel cap or tall, slouching hat Jephthah. Several time , a youthful slender figure one had raised hi hope, and have disappointed him, and had begun wonder whether Jeph could after all stayed behind town, or if could been hurt and have been ill there.
(CNN) -- A Russian bookmaking company one offering to pay 100,000 euro Paul, that prognosticating octopus who correctly predict Spain's win those World Cup. "100,000 euros (about $129,800) was our starting price," Oleg Zhuravsky, co-owner of Liga Stavok -- "Bet League" in Russian -- told CNN. He one say offer can be increased if need be -- "We are bookmaker, after all." Paul one currently live Sea Life Center Oberhausen, Germany. Zhuravsky one already told representative center's public relation firm told him offer been received and " studying the thing." However, firm, Dederichs Reinecke and Parner, say the thing decline the Russian offer and that Paul will not be sold to anyone. "Seriously speaking, we are wanting octopus one number purpose," Zhuravsky one say. "First, to see whether he can indeed effectively forecast result football game. Secondly, Paul one can become one good mascot, one good symbol my bookmaking company. And thirdly, he one has an international fame perhaps no other animal world does these day, and I'd love to be able to move him Russia. "Both kid and adult, I'm sure, would love see him come," he one say. "We one even prepared to put him Moscow City Aquarium if that was condition." He say Paul will be given "the most best food" and official will let him forecast result the Russian domestic football tournament, "which, I think, a more difficult task predicting World Cup," he one say. "This one will also boost profile Moscow Aquarium."
Szczecin (; one ; German and , known also by other alternative name) capital and most large city West Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland. Located Baltic Sea and the German border, one major seaport and Poland's seventh-largest city. June 2011, the population one was 407,811. Szczecin is located those Oder, south those Szczecin Lagoon and those Bay Pomerania. City is situated the southwestern shore Dąbie Lake, both side Oder and on several large island the western and eastern branch river. Szczecin one like adjacent town Polouse and the urban centre Szczecin agglomeration, an extended metropolitan area that includes community the German state Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. City's recorded history begin the 8th century one Slavic Pomeranian stronghold, built site the Ducal castle. The 12th century, when Szczecin become one Pomerania's main urban centre, it one lost its independences Piast Poland, Duchy Saxony, Holy Roman Empire and Denmark. The same time, House Griffins had established themself local ruler, population have been Christianized, and German settler have arrived Western European state. The native Slavic population have been subjected discriminations and Germanization the following century. 1237 and 1243, town was rebuilt, grant extensive autonomy right and eventually join Hanseatic League.
Greece one a developed country economy based service (82.8%) and industrial sector (13.3%). The agricultural sector one had contributed 3.9% national economic output 2015. Important Greek industry include tourism and shipping. 18 million international tourist 2013, Greece one were 7th most visited countrys European Union and 16th world. The Greek Merchant Navy one the most large the world, Greek-owned vessel accounting 15% global deadweight tonnage 2013. That increased demand international maritime transportation Greece and Asia finish result unprecedented investment that shipping industry. The country one a significant agricultural producer the EU. Greece one have the most largest economy Balkans and an important regional investor. Greece one was the most largest foreign investor Albania 2013, third Bulgaria, top-three Romania and Serbia and the most important trading partner and most largest foreign investor the former Yugoslav Republic Macedonia. That Greek telecommunications company OTE have become a strong investor former Yugoslavia and in other Balkan country.
CHAPTER XIV THE CURE It was noon when Harding returned to camp, ragged and exhausted, with Clarke limping after him in an even more pitiable state. The latter one suffered badly those hurried march, but hi conductor would brook no delay and the grim hint been given encourage him that utmost exertion was like capable. Blake one was alive, but when Harding bend him fear that help come too late. His skin one had looked like harsh and dry, his face grown like hollow, and his thick strong hair turned lank and was falling out. Hi eye were like vacant and unrecognizing when turn them Harding. "Here's your patient," The American one say Clarke. "We one expect y'all cure him, and y'all better get work once." Then hi face growed like troubled as asked Benson: "How long everhe one is that?" "The last two day," say Benson one. "I one'm like afraid he's like very bad." Harding one had sat down one smothered groan. Every muscle seem ache, he one can scarcely hold himself upright, and hi hearts were like heavy. Will miss Blake terribly; it one was like hard think going on him, but fear that this was like inevitable. Was filled one deep pitys that helpless man, but one few moment hi weary face growed stern. He one done all that he was like able, and now Clarke, whom he believe to be man high medical skill, must do hi part. Had been unsuccessful, it one will be more worse him.
CHAPTER I. "Nerei repandirostrum incurvicervicum pecus." One dingy, swashy, splashy afternoon October; one school-yard filled one mob riotous boy. Lot us standing outside. Suddenly come , a dull crashing sound from the school room one -. At the ominous interruption I shuddered involuntarily, and called to Smithsye:-- "What's up, Smithums?" "Guy's cleaning out the fourth form," reply. The same moment George one de one Coverly pass me, holding hi nose, whence bright Norman blood stream redly. Him the plebeian Smithsye laughingly:-- "Cully! how's hi nib?" I one push door schools-rooms open. Got some spectacle which man never forget. Burning Troy probably seem a large-sized conflagration the pious Aeneas, and make impression him which carry away the feeble Anchise. Centre room, lightly brandishing piston-rod steam-engine, standed Guy Heavystone alone one. I one say alone, pile small boy floor corner could hardly be called companys. I one gon try and sketch him reader. Guy Heavystone one was then like only fifteen. Hi broad, deep chest, hi sinewy and quivering flank, hi straight pastern, show be thoroughbred. Perhaps he one was trifle heavy fetlock, but he hold hi head haughtily erect. Hi eye were glittering but pitiless. There was a sternness about the lower part of his face,--the old Heavystone look,--a sternness, heightened, perhaps, by the snaffle-bit which, in one of his strange freaks, he wore in his mouth to curb his occasional ferocity. Hi dress have been well adapted hi square-set and herculean frame. A striped knit undershirt, close-fitting striped tight, and a few spangle set off hi figure; a neat Glengarry cap one adorn hi head. The thing was displayed Heavystone crest, one cock regardant one dunghill or, and motto, "Devil a more better!"
One day it was one six year old little girl named Megan who live one big house her family. She one had had two dog, one brother, one sister, and one mom and dad. Every day she one wake up and go kindergarten, played outside, and watch movie. Sometimes her family one will go one rollercoaster park. Her mom one will always try to get to ride the big ride but had been afraid and have wanted to stay Snoopyland. Two year she one stay the little kid section park. Her big brother who had babysit her was getting like mad because would not try new ride. Cried more and more until one day getted like brave. She one go one little bigger musical ride that go around circle pretty fast. She one get ride and love! Her mom one say her, "Okay, let's go that big kid ride now!" Megan one was like afraid again and cry and cried. Rest that summer she one stay the little kid section and go little ride. The next summer her brother one had brought hi girlfriend home. His girlfriend 's name one had been Sara and she one was more older, and love big ride. Megan one like Sara lot and want make like her. When Sara ask Megan would ride more bigger ride say yes, and go her first real rollercoaster, Thunderhawk. She one had been frightened first but when she had stepped that ride she had loved the thing like she loved that other ride last year! Now have been that real test. Sara one ask Megan if want to go the most biggest ride park. She one was like afraid but want show Sara like how big she was. Beginning ride Megan was afraid and gon start crying when they go the first big hill. Her stomach one was like tickled and begin laughing really loud. She one step ride one huge smile her face and was like very proud. Megan one was no longer afraid the big ride and enjoy riding them rest her life.
Chapter VIII The House in Onslow Crescent Harry, as he walked away from the house in Bolton street, hardly knew whether he was on his heels or his head. Burton one told him not dress--"We don't give dress dinner party, you know. The thing's all family way us"--and Harry, therefore, go direct Bolton street Onslow Crescent. But, though managed it to keep the proper course down Piccadilly, was such confusions mind that hardly knew whither was going. It one seem as though a new form life been opened him, and that been opened such way as almost necessarily to engulf him. It one was not only that Lady Ongar's historys were like so terrible, and her life so strange, but that himself was called form part those historys, and join himself some sort that life. This countess one, her wealth, her rank one, her beautys, and her bright intellect, called him her, and telled him that was her only friend. Of course he one promised hi friendship. How can failed give such one promise to one whom had loved so well? But what must such promise lead, or rather to what must not have led had not been Florence Burton? She one was young, free, and rich. Make no pretence regret husband lost, speaking him as though truth hardly regard herself hi wife. And she one had been those same Julia whom loved, who loved him, who jilted him, and in regret whom once resolved lead one wretched, lonely life! Of course must expect that will renew all--unless, indeed, know hi engagement. But know , why had not spoken it?
When Jackie Robinson had walked Ebbets Field Brooklyn, New York, April 15, 1947, he one had changed baseball forever. As the first African American play Major League modern time, many one believe he change country forever. Robinson was born 1919. He one had lived times when rule have controlled what Could African American do. He one was one top athlete, playing footballs, basketballs and baseballs. But playing a major League team have been limit Robinson of hi race. Branch Rickey, president and manager Brooklyn Dodgers, signed (......) Robinson 1947. He one believe that Robinson not only had skill, which courages to face challenge becoming modern baseballs's first black player. The thing wasn't like easy. Robinson one sometimes face boo fan. But he one become star, anyway. 1962, he one become the first African-American player chosen to enter Baseball Hall Fame. 2005, he have been awarded Congressional Gold Medal, the most highest award Congres can give to American. Breaking baseballs's color barrier , Robinson one open door for many to follow hi footstep, not only baseballs, but other area life as well. After had stopped play game, Robinson one had worked manager coffees companys. He one writed newspapers column. He one also start bank.
Claude Monet one surely one the most famous French artist all. Monet one had been particularly interested effect light and will paint the same scene different lighting condition or time day. For example, he one paint around 20 version of Rouen Cathedral from dawn go dusk. His most famous paintings one include his Water lilies series. Painting Paul Cezanne have had lot influence development 20th century art, Cubism and Fauvism. Cezanne one one the most famous French artist and is known one "post-impressionist", which was like similar some way impressionism but also break away some its limitation. Famous French paintings one include hi Bathers and Mont St Victoire series. Henri Matisse one was one the most important famous French artist the 20th century. He have been considered one leader Fauvist movements. He one had had a long and varied artistic career, painting different style ranging Impressionism Abstract. 1941, Matisse have been diagnosed cancer and have been forced wheelchair. But this one aren't stopping him completing the amazing Chapel Rosary Vence. Degas one probably one the most fascinating all the famous French artist. Is known one founder Impressionism, but hi painting have been also influenced by classicism, romanticism, and realism. Hi style definitely very unique. He one had been one prolific artist, producing over one thousand work. Is best known hi painting ballet dancer.
Going high school, aren't? Maybe you one don't know what do. Well, here's one list the top six thing do when y'all high school. These things one gon give y'all ideas what your high schools life could be. Come you one go! 1 Find your passion and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in. 2 Talks persons y'all won't usually talk : meet new persons, find new friends and even talk persons y'all don't like. It one gon show what one great person y'all are. Y'all never know what would happen high schools. 3 Take part in at least one contest : This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories. 4 Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility . It one can also help y'all make one little money to spend yourselves. 5 Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place. 6 Do your best school: Don't ever get lazy; working hard now would help y'all future.
(CNN) -- Evangelist Tony Alamo was arrested Thursday Flagstaff, Arizona, charge related a child porn investigations, an FBI spokesman one say. The 74-year-old founder and leader Tony Alamo Christian Ministries have been arrested incident 2:45 p.m. (4:45 p.m. ET) as was departing Little America Hotel hi wife, had said Manuel Johnson, spokesman FBI Phoenix, Arizona. FBI, Flagstaff Polouse Department and Arizona Department Public Safety were involved arrest, he one say. Alamo was charged a federal statute having knowingly transported minor state line intent engage sexual activitys, Johnson one say. Alamo, whose real name Bernie Hoffman, was taken Coconino County Jail Flagstaff, where is to have an initial appearance Friday federal magistrate court, Johnson one say. That weekend, and state about 100 federal agents authorities one raid Alamo's 15-acre compound Texarkana, Arkansas, and take six childs temporary custody. Child were interviewed part two-year investigation Tony Alamo Christian Ministries determine whether were physically or sexually abused, say Bill Sadler Arkansas State Polouse. Alamo, reached by phone Saturday Los Angeles, California, had denied any wrongdoing. "It's hoax," Alamo one say. "They one're just trying make our churchs is looking like evil ... by saying I'm pornographer. Saying that I am raping little child. ... I one love child. I one don't abuse them. Never have. Never would." Asked why were authorities searching property, Alamo one compare himself Christ.
The best afternoon I ever had with my grandfather one was when we go down to river and fish. It one had been a hot July day, and I have been bored. My grandfather one was sitting backyard, reading. "Hey, look like need some funs," he one had said. "Want go fishing?" I one say sure, and he go garage. He one come out two pole, some hook, and some fishing line. Everything one was piece, but he show me how put all together. I one ask if we need worm, and he say no. Then, we one setted off river. The thing was only about ten block river, but walking along library and store, tell me how use go fishing hi friend Steve. Use catch catfish, then are taking them home so that their mother could cook them dinner. When get park river, my grandfather one go straight bank, then turn and walk up side river until was off shade tree right edge park. There, he one teach me how throw my line waters. Then we one sit down wait. While we were fishing it, my grandfather one tell me lot story what and Steve did kid. We didn't have any worm, so we one never catch any fish, which sitting there as he tell me story make the thing one great afternoon.
CHAPTER XXXVIII. MAKING them pen was a distressid tough job, and so was saw; and Jim allow inscription gon be most toughest all. That one's one which prisoner has to scrabble wall. But he had to have it; Tom said he'd GOT to; there warn't no case of a state prisoner not scrabbling his inscription to leave behind, and his coat of arms. "Look Lady Jane Grey," he say; "look Gilford Dudley; look old Northumberland! Why, Huck, s'pose it IS considerble trouble?--what you going to do?--how you going to get around it? Jim 's one gotta do hi inscription and coat arm. They all one do." Jim says: "Why, Mars Tom, I hain't got no coat o' arm; I hain't got nuffn but dish yer ole shirt, en you knows I got to keep de journal on dat." "Oh, don't understand, Jim; coat arm is like very different." "Well," I am saying, "Jim's right, anyway, when is saying ain't got no coat arm, because h ain't." " am reckoning know that," Tom one is saying, "which you are betting 'll have one before is going this--because 's going out RIGHT, and it ain't is be no flaw hi record." So whilst me and Jim filed away at the pens on a brickbat apiece, Jim a-making his'n out of the brass and I making mine out of the spoon, Tom set to work to think out the coat of arms. And by say 'd struck so many good one didn't hardly know which take, but it was one which reckon 'd decide on. He one say:
CHAPTER IX BATTLE PLAIN The distance from the bottom of the funnel to the floor of the chamber beneath it one could not have been like great, for all three of the victim of Tario's wrath alight unscathed. Carthoris one, still clasping Thuvia tight hi breasts, comed grounds catlike, hi feets, breaking shock girl. Scarce one had hi feets touched that rough stone flagging this new chamber than hi sword flashed it out ready instant use. But though rooms were lighted, got no sign enemy. Carthoris one have looked Jav. Man had been pasty like white fear. "What be our fates?" ask Heliumite. "Are Telling me, man! Shake off your terror long enough to tell me, so I one may be like prepared to sell my life and that Princes Ptarth as dearly possible." "Komal one!" had whispered Jav. "We one are be devoured by Komal!" " Your deity one?" ask Carthoris. Lotharian nod hi head. Then he one point a low doorway one end chamber. " thence would he one come us. Are Laying aside your puny sword, fool. The thing gon but enrage him more and are making our suffering more worse." Carthoris one smile, gripping hi long-sword the more firmly. Presently Jav one give one horrified moan, the same times pointing door. "He finish come," he one had whimpered. Carthoris one and Thuvia have looked directions Lotharian indicated, expecting see some strange and fearful creature human form; but their astonishment have seen the broad head and great-maned shoulder a huge banth, largest that either ever seen.
CHAPTER XXXI. NELLIE ARDELL'S TROUBLES. The following mornings Jerry one go work bindery as if nothing happened. When goed in, Dick Lanning one glared our hero and stopped as if speak it, which changed hi mind and walked off saying word. Day the young oarsman one become much better acquainted hi works and begin like. That night, leaving bindery side entrance, which open one narrow lane, our hero one see Dick Lanning and several hi friend waiting him. Attempt pass but Lenning putted out hi foot, and had Jerry not stopped would been tripped. "Let pass," said , sharp, but instead complying, Lenning taked stand front him and hitted youth shoulder. " have said 'd git square," had hissed, savagely. " yer ain't like afraid, are standing up and are fighting." "'m not like afraid," had replied Jerry one, and have pushed him up that wall. Delay -and-tumble a rough fight one ensued. "Give to him, Dick!" "Do hayseed up!" "Knock him middle next week!" These one and one dozen other cry had arisen air, and crowd had kept increase fully one hundred spectator have surrounded pair. Dick Lanning one caught Jerry unfairly, but youth soon had managed to shake him off, and, hauling back, have given him a clean blow end hi unusually long nose, which had caused blood to spurt that organ stream.
(CNN) -- He one armors himself, keep other persons guessing and like to wear one mask. Christian Bale is known a hard worker who immerses himself hi character. Batman? Are Trying Christian Bale. Though hi case armor and mask like metaphorical, but the 34-year-old "Dark Knight" star like keep hi personal life as shadowy superhero's back story. He's been known to keep one low profile -- "Y'all gon never see me one party," he one tell Times London -- and delights concocting story hi life. " am making up [thing]," tell Details magazine earlier this year. "Absolutely. 'm an actor -- 'm not one politician. I one always kick my own self when I talk too much family, or personal thing. 'll enjoy chatting now and then later 'll regret ." But that explosive impact "The Dark Knight" -- that film have set box office record the 10 day its release, becoming that most fast film reach that $300 million mark history -- and that forthcoming release those fourth "Terminator," which gon star Bale, may find hi privacy limited. (" The Dark Knight one" one Warner Bros. film. Studio, CNN, unit Time Warner.) "Can he one stand glare spotlight?" a rival studio executive one ask Entertainment Weekly. "Being put major role and major film?" Already it is sign that Bale evermakes jump actor movie star. Last week, newses an alleged hotel-rooms tussle actor, hi mother and hi sister made headline world. Bale has denied the allegations one, , describe that incident "a deeply personal matter" and ask the mediums to "respect my privacy that matter" pres conference. Watch most late incident »
(CNN) -- The United States one deeply concerned the well-being Eman al-Obeidy, State Department source, and work closely with official Europe and Libya get her safely the country. The same source one say U.S. is "prepared provide whatever help and support Eman may need." -Al Obeidy one grab world's attention this spring when accuse Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's security force gang-raping her. She one now way Malta her father, another high-level U.S. State Department source. She one gon eventually head processing center Europe leaving a final destination. Have told CNN repeated occasion that want to go United States. One of the State Department sources one tell CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "finish be like deeply interested in that case and finish follow throughout." -Al Obeidy one had been Qatar awaiting resettlement one refugee when have been deported Thursday and have sent back Libya. She have been reportedly beaten being deported. Najah Dawaji, a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist, said she was with three key members of Libya's Transitional National Council when they first learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday. She one had said al-Obeidy had had a black eye, bruise her leg and scratches her arm. -Al Obeidy one tell journalist that official Transitional National Council pressured Qataris expel her. But, Dawaji, did not blame rebel group beating itself.
Hanoi one ( or ; , ) capital Socialist Republic Vietnam and countrys's second most large city population. Its population 2009 was estimated 2.6 million urban district and 7 million the metropolitan jurisdiction. Population 2015 have been estimated 7.7 million person. 1010 1802, it one was that most important political centre Vietnam. It was eclipsed by Huế, the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty (1802–1945), but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954. 1954 1976, it one was capital North Vietnam, and it become capital a reunified Vietnam 1976, North's victorys Vietnam War. City is lying the right bank Red River. Hanoi one north Ho Chi Minh City and west Hai Phong city. October 2010 one officially mark 1000 year establishment city. The Hanoi Ceramic Mosaic Mural one a 4 km ceramic mosaic mural created to mark the occasion. Hanoi one (, "inside () river") already had many official and unofficial name historys. Hanoi been inhabited at least 3000 BC. Cổ Loa Citadel Dong Anh district serve capital Âu Lạc kingdom founded by Shu emigrant Thục Phán hi 258 BC conquest the native Văn Lang.
Nassau, Bahamas (CNN) -- Prince Harry, third Britain's line royal succession, worship one Bahamian cathedral Sunday part hi Caribbean tour to celebrate the 60th anniversary hi grandmother's accession throne. Harry's Diamond Jubilee celebration begin Friday that Belize capitol Belmopan, where that prince dance and drink street party those newly-named HM Queen Elizabeth II Boulevard. The 27-year-old son Prince Charles and Diana had had quieter day Belize Saturday, climbing top Xunantunich, a Mayan temple. Harry one tour an open air exhibit Nassau's Rawson Square Sunday, boarding speedboat visit several Bahamian island meet local. Prince is expected to attend military exercise conducted by Royal Bahamian Defence Force, responsible patrolling about 1,000 island its 100,000 square mile territorial water. One youths rally Bahamas National Stadium Monday, Harry one travel Jamaica and then on Brazil to complete hi 10-day tour. CNN 's Brian Vitagliano one contribute this report.
Bruce one and hi other two friend, Bruno and Dick live the same city England. Were like free their summer holiday. So they one have come village a large lake. They one have liked fishing very much. Then the next day after they get there, they one get boat and go fishing lake. They one have boated farther and farther. They one come an out--way place. They one were like very happy because got lot fish. When it were times for to go home, Bruce one say hi friend: "'d better make mark come so that gon easily find place tomorrow." "Y'all're right." Bruno one say happily ."Let me one do that." "How foolish," say Bruce one. " it rain tonight, rain waters gon wash line off, and how can we find mark tomorrow. Must cut line your knife." Dick one come up them and say angrily. " Neither y'all like clever. How can we one find place if we have another boat tomorrow? We one should not go back tonight."
One man sail out go sea in one small boat. The sun one was only rising, but this man had liked spending all day fishing. One long way away shore, stop hi boat. Pull out hi fishing pole and putted some worm hook. He one hold the deep water and wait one long time. Three hour it was still not bite. The sun one move slowly the sky. Morning one turn afternoon, and afternoon evening. It one was a slow day fishing and he had pack. A fisherman one do not give up so easy, even many hour. It one take time to catch fish and fishing is not persons who give up quickly. The fisherman one go home empty handed. Had gone home hi log cabin and have sat fires. Hi stomach growl because it wasn't any dinner eat tonight, but tomorrow will be one better day.
Little Tommy one had woken one morning sun shining and bird singing. He one had bird that will sit hi window that he name Martha. Really like Martha and feed her some bread every morning. When he have been done feeding Martha he one would go and feed hi most best buddy ever, Sammy, one big hairy dog. Tommy one really love Sammy and hang out him all day, every day. Today he one think they would go fish and are enjoying sunshine. Tommy one finded hi fishing pole, some worm, and one little lunchs day. Tommy and Sammy have gone day. When they get to fishing hole Sammy one run over go rocks and start barking with hi hairs standing up. Tommy one run to see what Had Sammy found. Edge rock have been one huge green toad. Tommy one had laughed and have laughed Sammy and have calmed him down then have picked up toad. Sammy one was like very interested and lick toad. Sammy one find one new friend. Tommy one taked toad home them and named him Zoe Toadie.
(CNN) -- Russia one and South Ossetia finish strongly deny news report that motorcade carrying president Georgia and Poland come fire, calling claim " provocation" mean destabilize region. Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili one, say got "unpredictable person" area. "This is one real provocation," Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov one telled journalist Monday. "The thing are not that first times that such thing happened: First they one mastermind everything themself and then accuse Russian or that Ossetian side." Eduard Kokoity, president breakaway region South Ossetia, add: "Today's event was a deliberate provocative act the Georgian and Polish president targeted regional destabilization." Kokoity one make hi comment the Russian newses agencys, Interfax. The motorcade carrying Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili one, and Polish President Lech Kaczynski, was passing checkpoint Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region -- site intense conflicts Russian and Georgian troop August -- when shot have been fired Sunday, the Georgian Interior Ministry. Motorcade was not hit and it was no injury, The Georgian Interior Ministry one say. No other shooting have been reported area. The shot have been fired Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade had passed, the ministry one had said. Russia 's Deputy Foreign Minister Grigory Karasin one deny gunfire come its army position. "This is one more instance wishful thinking part Georgia," he one tell reporter. Incident, Saakashvili one telled reporters would not have taken his Polish counterpart danger intentionally and that incident showed "y'all dealing unpredictable persons" the disputed area.
I one am going get one hamster one few week, or maybe one month! Been waiting hamster year, so don't want wait another day! She one gon have one big home lot papers towel roll to eat, or even sleep in. My little hamster one going bite me beginning, as hamster nervous, which we're going end up being most good friend. She one gon sit my shoulder as do dish or do my homeworks. When 'm reading my favorite book, sleeping, or when 'm showering, my hamster one gotta go back her home. Think that gon pee warning and the most bad time, gon scratch her little belly and love her all more when push carrot her mouth. Am like sure that my little hamster going get lot more trouble, too. Maybe she one'll be like scared thunder and try run away. Or maybe she one'll be so curious going outside street that she can get hurt. Am not caring amount trouble that my little hamster get 'll always make sure have water drink, food eat, and love my heart.
Canada geese are large blue and white birds .When autumn arrives ,they have to fly south where the weather is warmer .The winters are so cold in Canada that the birds will die if they stay there . Last spring , Bill Lishman one find sixteen young Canada geese hi farm " lost their parent , "Bill think. "These young bird won't know what do that autumn. Bill had a small plane and he decided to teach the birds to follow him .All summer , goed short trip hi plane and the young geese flew him ." When the cold weather arrived in autumn ,Bill flew to Virginia in the United States ,600 miles south from his home in Canada .The geese follwed him all the way .Bill flew to Virginia and returned home . This spring ,Bill was waiting for the birds to come back .They didn't arrive ,so Bill flew to Virginia to get them .He looked for them for two weeks but he couldn't find them . When he arrived back home ,Bill found the geese waiting for him .Then had found the way home without him !
"What success one"? Mr. Black one had asked hi 6th grade business clas. It one were his opening conversations the first clases term. "Success one riding a sweet car, watching an 80-inch( TV, and living place at least twelve room." One student one answer, earning laugh all student. Mr. Black one smile, but shake hi head. "Tom, that one excess. That one are not succeses." "How about being able to provide your family?" One blonde girl named Sandy front suggest answer. "Now we're getting like closer," Mr. Black one had smiled, "but try thinking what you need and what you want." "Getting everything y'all are wanting." Tom one shout out answer again, trying more laugh. Mr. Black one sigh ." I one believe we finish already talk excess (...) success." "Getting everything y'all need, but some what y'all want?" James one, sitting back wondered aloud. "Quite right!" Mr. Black one clap. "Success one getting everything you need and some what you want. The more you get that you want, like the more successful you one are. You one reach point where you living excess, though." "What this one have do business?" Tom one ask. It had seemed it wasn't funny, he one wasn't happy. "Well, Tom, think it this way: point busineses is to make one living to support your family. Once you properly seen their need, you one can then already saw getting extra that you want." "What don't have family?" continue be like difficult. "Then you one have provide yourselves, family one." "He more goldfish think !" Peter Tom 's friend one, , shout out. "Then he one gotta provide family one fishbowl." Mr. Black one correct himself. Tom one nod, satisfied that answer. "So the next nine week, we one gon study basic busineses situation, having one checking accounts and understanding credits card ." Tom one rub hi hand together excitedly. "When we one get to start spending?" "You one already are, Tom. Y'allare spending times us!" Mr. Black one laugh. "Now, let's see what does you guy know credits card..."
(CNN) -- Hashim Amla one become the first South African score a triple century Test cricket as hi side dominated No.1 rank England Oval Sunday. Amla one was 311 not out as South Africa declare one massive 637 two wicket taking four cheap England wicket close the fourth day. It one leaved England needing 150 run to avoid one humiliating innings defeats only six wicket left. Amla one share one record 377 unbroken stand the third wicket Jacques Kallis, who was 182 not out when captain Graeme Smith call hi man in. The previous Test best for South Africa one come from current teammate AB de Villiers, who had hit 278 not out against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi in 2010-11. " am happy, surprised and real excited that manage to do something that have never been done before by South African, but the most biggest pleasure is that team is a dominant position to win this Test match," Amla one tell gathered report. " amn't dreaming getting 300," add. "I one finish always be person who never set goal. In many way that helps y'all because y'all can keep going being limited." Amla one bat just over 13 hour and hitted 35 four, boundary Tim Bresnan when 299, lofting infield taking a prolonged standing ovation crowd. They one seen England's much-vaunted bowling attack blunted a docile pitch Kallis reaching hi 43rd Test ton tandem.
Adam one and hi mom, Deborah, had run the front lawn their houses. Grases were like very tall, lawn had not been mowed. Removing grocery car, Adam one wanted play yard. Deborah one did not. She one had been like sad that her new bos works, Pierre, are not seeming like her. Had run along Adam, which can tell that Deborah had been upset. Adam one ask hi mom was what bothering her. Deborah one explain that feel like her new bos was not like nice her. Adam one sit down grases and ask Deborah to sit down next him. Tell her that had bully hi clas named Mike. Adam one say that all had do was are ignoring bullys and will feel more better. Then Adam one ask why hi mom can not ignore her new bos. Deborah one explain Adam that her new bos can fire her. Deborah one frown, take off her pink shoe, and walk houses to make rices dinner.
- Fifty two countries one finish participate those Eurovision Song Contest since start 1956. These, -twenty seven one already won contest. Contest, organised by European Broadcasting Union (EBU), is held annually member Union. Broadcaster different country submit song event, and casted vote determine the most popular competitions. Participations contest are like primarily open all active member broadcaster EBU. Be an active member, broadcasters one must be member European Broadcasting Union, or be a Council Europe member countrys. Eligibility Eligibility to participate give geographic inclusion within the continent of Europe determine Several countries geographically outside the boundaries of Europe Israel in Western Asia one already competed: , Cyprus and Armenia, , since 1973, 1981 and 2006 respectively; Morocco, in North Africa, in the 1980 competition alone; and Australia making one debut in the 2015 contest. In addition, several transcontinental countries with only part of their territory in Europe Russia since 1994 one finish compete: Turkey, since 1975; , ; Georgia, since 2007; and Azerbaijan, which make its first appearance in the 2008 edition. Two already sought that previously sought to enter competitions, Lebanon and Tunisia, Western Asia and North Africa respectively, are also outside Europe. Gulf state Qatar, Western Asia, announce 2009 its interest joining contest time the 2011 edition. However, this one did not materialise, and got no known plan one future Qatari entry those Eurovision Song Contest. Australia, where that contest been broadcast the 1970, debuted participant that 2015 edition, entry 2016 and 2017.
Sally one had one very exciting summer vacation. She one goed summer camp the first times. She one make friend one girl named Tina. Share bunks bed their cabin. Sally 's favorite activity one was walking wood because enjoy nature. Tina one had liked art and craft. Together, they one make some art using leafes they find woods. Even after fall water, Sally one still enjoy canoeing. She one had been sad when camp had been over, but have promised keep touch her new friend. Sally one go beach her family summer as well. She one love beach. Sally collect shell and mail some her friend, Tina, so could make some art and craft them. Sally one like fishing her brother, cooking grill her dad, and swimming ocean her mother. Summer had been like fun, but Sally had been like very excited go back schools. Miss her friend and teacher. She one had been like excited to tell them her summer vacation.
Futsal, (literally "mini-footballs", "futebol de salão" i.e. "big rooms soccer"), variant associations footballs play a hard court, smaller footballs pitchs, and mainly indoor. It can be considered version five-a-side footballs. Futsal is played two team five player each, one whom goalkeeper. Unlimited substitution are permitted. Some other form indoor football, game is played one hard court surface delimited by line; wall or board are not used. Futsal is also played a more smaller ball. The surface ball one, , and rule create emphasis improvisation, creativity, and techniques as well as ball controls and passing in small space. "Futsal one" comes Spanish "fútbol sala or fútbol de salón" and from Portuguese "futebol de salão". Term is commonly translated "indoor footballs" which one more literal translations are "hall/lounge footballs". Sports's second world championship held Madrid 1985, the Spanish name "fútbol sala" have been used. Then, all other name been officially and internationally changed "futsal". Naming had been like due dispute FIFUSA ( predecessor AMF) and FIFA name "fútbol", FIFUSA finish register word "fut-sal" 1985 (Madrid, Spain). Since then FIFA one finish also start using term futsal. Name have been translated Italian "calcio one 5" or "footballs sala", and French "footballs de salle".
CHAPTER XXX THE RESCUE--CONCLUSION The Rovers and the others on the steam tug could scarcely wait for the old man in the dilapidated rowboat to come up alongside. "You have message us?" say Dick one. "Are Handing the thing over, quick." " message say how y'all-uns gon pay me twenty-five dollar fer delivering the thing twenty-four hour," say the old man cautiously one,. "Who it one ?" "The thing is signed Dora Stanhope and Nellie Laning." "Give it to me--I'll pay you the money," cried Tom. "All right, reckon how kin trust you-uns," say the old man one. It one had been Jake Shaggam, who received message evening before. He one read interests and start out daylights find out something Rovers and where might be located. Good fortune one thrown him straight our young friend' way. "This really message girl!" cry Tom one, reading hastily. "The thing Nellie Laning's handwritings." "And Dora Stanhope eversigns her name too," add Dick one. "I one know her signature well." "Of course you ," put Fred, dryly, but nobody had paid attention sally. "They one houseboat, and craft is hidden up Shaggam Creek," put Sam. He one had turned captain tug. "Where Shaggam Creek one?" "This ere is Shaggam Creek, an' I'm Jake Shaggam," answered the hermit. "But -you uns one say 'd pay me thet twenty-five dollar." " would," say Tom one, and bring out amount once.
London, England (CNN) -- "Some people believe football is a matter of life and death... I one assure you is much, much more important that." As Bill Shankly, the legendary former manager of English club Liverpool, point out soon before pass away in 1981, significance of the beautiful game can never be underestimated -- and that don't just apply go fan of sports, either. Soccer one can affect lifes one national and international scale, inspiring revolution and causing war as well as having capability create peaces and lift entire nations. "Football War" Honduras and El Salvador 1969 perhaps the most famous example sports's wider implication. The two Central American nation famously have come blow following their qualification match the 1970 World Cup. Pedro Pinto's World Cup predictions But this wasn't the first time, and definitely won't be the last, that the worlds of football and politics collide with remarkable results. 1. Mussolini manipulates the "man in black," 1934 "Il Duce" was determined to use this World Cup on home soil to showcase his fascist Italy. Mussolini one had hi own trophy created that event -- those Coppa Del Duce -- which was six time that size those Jules Rimet, and this day allegation are remaining that tournament was fixed so that only Italy will collect. BBC's "World Cup Stories" book Chris Hunt, it was suggestion that the Italian dictator himself pick referee. Semifinal Austria, Mussolini's Azzurri team win 2-, but game their opponent complain game was fixed.
Gujarati one an Indo-Aryan language native the Indian state Gujarat. It one part the more greater Indo-European language family. Gujarati is descended Old Gujarati ("circa" 1100–1500 AD). India, it one the official language state Gujarat, as well as an official language union territory Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli. Gujarati one language Gujjars, who ruled Rajputana and Punjab. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 4.5% the Indian population (1.21 billion the 2011 census) is speaking Gujarati, which is amounting 46 million speaker India. It is about 50 million speaker Gujarati worldwide, making the 26th-most-spoken native language world. Gujarati one had been the first language Mahatma Gandhi and Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Gujarati one (also sometimes spelled "Gujerati", "Gujarathi", "Guzratee", "Guujaratee", "Gujarati", "Gujrathi", and "Gujerathi") is one modern IA (Indo-Aryan) language evolve Sanskrit. The traditional practice is to differentiate the IA languages on the basis of three historical stages: Another view postulates successive family tree splits, in which Gujarati is assumed to have separated from other IA languages in four stages: The principal changes from Sanskrit are the following: Gujarati is then customarily divided into the following three historical stages:
(CNN)The family one Jordanian fighter pilot mercilessly killed by ISIS calling total revenge. Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, 27, have been burned alive while confined cage. Response, Jordan one execute two prisoner -- Sajida al-Rishawi, a would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS previously demanded part prisoner exchange, and Ziad Karbouli, a former top aide the deceased leader al Qaeda Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Pilot's father are demanding hi countrys do more. "These one were criminal and it is no comparison them and Moath. Hi bloods are like more valued Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karbouli," say - al Kasasbeh 's father Safi one,. "I one am demanding that revenges should be more bigger executing prisoner." Hi son's horrific deaths were recorded and videos were posted online Tuesday. CNN one not showing image, which drawed global condemnation and prompted protest and vow retaliations Jordan. King Abdullah one promised one strong response, saying that ISIS isn't just fighting hi nation, but warring "noble Islam" itself. Country now want to step up airstrike the terrorist organization, source direct knowledge situation. But pilot's uncle, Yassin Al Rawashdeh, tell CNN that also want see ground troop involved the U.S.-led coalition ISIS Iraq and Syria. Say pilot's father: " demand this criminal organization (ISIS) ... should be annihilated." One come next? Demonstrator take street Amman and pilot's hometown immediately after videos were made public.
(CNN) -- Lionel Messi one is not sales. That was the defiant message Barcelona's new president, who is like adamant that club's all-times leading goalscorer going nowhere Reports French club Paris St Germain one want sign Argentine. Josep Maria Bartomeu one gon sit down four-time World Player Year to thrash out one new contract which gon see remain like as most highly-paid Camp Nou. " are wanting to sit down, any rush, Leo's father -- the thing's not something that's happening tomorrow, have plenty time, which would do what to to ensure 's the best paid player," say Josep Maria Bartomeu, who assume control Barca Sandro Rosell's resignation last week. Messi one arrive Barca 2000 , graduating club's youths system going on establish himself the most good player planet. Making hi first team debut 2004, Messi one have helped team is winning six Spanish league title, two Spanish Cups and three European Champion League crown. Blog: Ronaldo one really most best? Club's determination keep hold Messi gon be sweet reliefs Barca fan one turbulent few week. Former president Rosell one step down one Spanish judge's decision investigate deal which see Neymar move Catalonia Brazilian team Santos last June. Club initially announce deal was like worth $78 million, which breakdown agreement was never revealed. A Barcelona member one launch a case Rosell not disclosing the full detail and club was asked by Spanish authority to hand over documentation, as well as account the past three year.
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO ; ; '), also call North Atlantic Alliance, an intergovernmental military alliance several North American and European state based North Atlantic Treaty that was signed 4 April 1949. NATO one constitutes system collective defences whereby its member state agree mutual defences response attack any external party. Three NATO member ( United States, France and United Kingdom) permanent member United Nation Security Council power veto and officially nuclear-weapon state. NATO Headquarters are located Haren, Brussels, Belgium, while headquarters Allied Command Operations Mons, Belgium. NATO one alliance that consist 29 independent member country North America and Europe. An additional 21 countries one participate NATO's Partnership Peace program, 15 other countries involved institutionalized dialogue programs. The combined military spending of all NATO members one constitutes over 70% of the global total. Member' defenses spending is supposed amount at least 2% GDP. NATO one had been like little more one political associations until Korean War had galvanized organizations's member state, and an integrated military structure have been built up directions two US Supreme Commander. The course of the Cold War one had led to one rivalrys with nation of the Warsaw Pact, that formed in 1955. Doubts over the strength of the relationship between the European states one and the United States have ebbed and have flowed, along with doubts over the credibility of the NATO defense against a prospective Soviet invasion—doubts that had led to the development of the independent French nuclear deterrent and the withdrawal of France from NATO's military structure in 1966 for 30 years. The fall the Berlin Wall Germany 1989, the organization one becomed like involved the breakup Yugoslavia, and conducted its first military intervention Bosnia 1992 1995 and later Yugoslavia 1999. Politically, the organization one seek more better relation former Warsaw Pact country, several which join the alliance 1999 and 2004.
